I think that I was so scared and intimidated by my dreams for so long that I kept them to myself. I was scared what people would think of these dreams I had, I feared judgement. Although I’ve found that the older I get the less I care what people think of me. I have a few close friends, but to them I can tell anything. It’s hard to tell if someone will be an open-minded person or not. It takes time to build the trust and to relinquish the fear of embarrassment. I feel home around my two best friends. They don’t think I am crazy or weird.

Well so anyways, sorry if I ramble, but I just tend to put too many minute details into things, but I feel like it somehow gives more of a visual, you know? I’ll just dive right in. Have you ever heard of lucid dreaming? Well if you haven’t, just imagine yourself being in a dream and being consciously aware of the fact you are dreaming. You know you are dreaming and can recognize it; not getting lost in dreams about goals and aspirations or nightmares or maybe even that dream where you are falling and wake up a microsecond before you SPLAT. These are a few accounts where I have dealt with such dreams… lucid dreams I mean. I try and find ways or other excuses as to how these things happen… But, I am always left confused or worried. Anyways…

A little backstory may help. A lot of people nowadays grow up with depression and anxiety… fearing silly things, or having weird quarks, socially or just in general. A dark sense of humor and sarcasm is usually a pretense. Anyways, so when you’re young and feel these things you don’t quite understand why or how you feel that way, or how to handle it, but you do. My uncle passed away at a very young age. This was my dad’s brother and it hit him hard. He started drinking the pain away, like most are guilty of at some point in our life. I don’t blame him for anything or how he acted, mean things he said… We all hit the bottom sometimes, but it does affect the ones you love.

It makes you feel anxious about what will come, coming home in a state of mind that “Wow, my Dad is so gone… what is he going to say to me today, or blame me for today.” -taking it out on the people who have no control. It can make you feel lost and out of your own control. That’s how I felt. Growing up being told you are worthless, unwanted, a burden… I feel all too much or nothing at all. It’s like looking at the world through an invisible screen, trying to talk to yourself through glass you can see through, but that cannot be seen from the other side. That’s how I was feeling, so I always wondered if it followed me into my subconscious and created a lucidity in my dream realm. Or maybe not.

I remember one of my biggest fears as a young child was the possibility of monsters in my closet, yes, the typical monster in your closet… When I was young I slept with my door open and the hallway light on. So, I would know that there was safety near. Well, one night laying down to bed with an uneasiness in my stomach, a burning chain in my chest tugged from worry. The light in the hall radiating a warmth and safe zone in a way. The hum of my fan was always a comforting white noise for me as well. I would close my eyes each night to the comfort of these things. So, this night I fall asleep in the same routine way…
Suddenly something washes over me, I wake up, or so I think. With the fan humming in the background, I look to the right searching for the light, I see it and feel a wave of relief shudder over me. I hear a tap and I look forward from my bed, directly across from my bed is my window. As I heard the tap on the glass I see a hand, I couldn’t make it out whether it was a black glove or just dark… This was the moment I was aware I was dreaming, it all felt so real, as if I could feel myself in my own skin in the dream. I immediately pulled my Scooby Doo comforter covers straight over my head and huddled my teddy bear tight against my chest. I let out a warm worried sigh and shoved my face into my teddy bear’s fur. I can hear the sounds around me disappear along with my own breathing. I kept my eye shut tight.

Curled up into a ball, I try to do things to wake myself up – pinching my arm, pushing my eyelids shut as hard as I could, even changing my breathing patterns, at some point it worked. Then at this moment I wake up for real, with shaky hands and sweaty palms I get up and walk to my door and flip the light on in my room. It doesn’t seem like much has happened so far, but the eeriness was overwhelming, especially as a young child. Dare I brave looking out the window? Finally, after taking a few deep breaths, I walk over to look out and see nothing but my backyard. It’s silly of me to think I’d see anything considering I’m on the second floor and my room would be inaccessible without a ladder or something of the sort. I let out a big sigh then fall back to sleep for the night, not having a dream at all for the rest of the night. Thank goodness.

Years had passed, I was now in high school. Not thinking much of the dream after such a long time, I went about my weekday like I normally would. I Wake up in the morning and follow the same routine: swim practice, school, swim practice, food, homework, bed. Although my family wasn’t perfect, I always had the luxury of food and a warm home. I went to bed with the same uneasy feeling I had the night years beforehand. Maybe I was just getting into my head again… So, I just focused on breathing, until sleep came.

I tuck myself under my comforter and close my eyes, exhausted from swim practice and the burdens in life I am asleep. I wake up, hear the fan humming as always. I look to the right, like in the first dream. The hallway light is on, but then I hear a switch flip, I run up to the hallway and look outside and see nothing but the empty hall and closed doors, not a sound. I took a deep breath and flipped the switch to the hallway. Relieved that the light turned on, I start to walk bed to my bed. As I do this my door slams shut, I try and open it but it is locked, my room had a lock on the inside but it would not come undone. I’m frantically shaking the door, screaming and banging repeatedly… That’s when I heard it.

I hear a familiar tap on the window, and see the same shadowed hand lingering up against the window. The hand goes from a tapping formation into a flat hand and reals backward, it smacks it’s palm up against the glass creating a steam formation around the hand as it slams down on it. Except this time there is also a shadowed face and shoulders, the figure’s other hand holding it up against the window sill. I remember it/him having a dark black Hamburg or fedora style hat like from the 1940s along with what seemed like a nice black suit. But for his face… it was completely black or shadowed it seemed. I could barely see the whites of his eyes as a wide grin appears, almost like that of the Cheshire cat, gleaming and white, but terrifying all the same. His eyes quickly shift towards the locks and simultaneously I see both locks flip open. At this point I am now frantically screaming and crying, slapping myself across the face with both hands to wake up, screaming but no sound utters from my mouth. The only thing I can hear is a ringing in my ears slowly coming and the hum of the fan dissipating.
I didn’t know what else to do, I look towards the window as he slams it open with that damn smile still clinging to his face, as the rest of his features are still unrecognizable… He starts to climb through the window, FUCK! I see him reaching in his pocket while climbing through pulling out a shining huge kitchen knife. Not being able to escape through my door, I run to my closet which is slightly agape. Yea, great, I know my fear is my closet and it’s the only thing available. Makes sense, right? I Open, the door and slam it shut, holding it tightly with one leg pushed up against it with the other planted up against my chest as I’m sitting down against the wall. The door shakes as he tries to break through, I keep trying to remember the fact that I am most certainly only dreaming, it feels real, but I know this! I am only dreaming, just dreaming! Wake up, just wake up, god damn it, Wake up! As I release the door in my dream, he slams it open with one fail swoop. I look up at the lanky, dark, empty figure and pass out from fear, but I wake up in real life.

Although this time I am no longer in my bed. I am in my closet. Knee to my chest, facing the wall and hugging my leg just as I was in my dream… It’s pitch black, behind a closed door of my closet, I can barely see, shivering and sweating I reach for the doorknob, scared of what may be beyond. I slowly creek open the door and peer out, hearing the hum of my fan and feeling the calmness of the room made me feel okay for a moment but still uneasy. I look left and right, everything seems normal. I can see the moonlight spilling onto my floor behind a closed and locked window, so I decide it’s safe. I sprint to the door, which is usually open but was now closed. I flip open the door quickly and stealthily trying not to wake up my parents. Staring out into the darkness of the hall, I flip the lights on. Out of fear of the door closing, I prop a step stool between it, leaving it open to the hallway light.

I lay down in my bed, not knowing what else to do. I’m scared to disturb either of my parents, as my dad was passed out drunk, and my mom didn’t take well to being woken up, it was always a burden because I knew how much she already dealt with, with my dad. I lay there in silence; no sleep came that night. I just stared at my ceiling, scared to look at the window, scared to look at my closet or door, scared to look anywhere. My eyes were fixated against the painted curls in my ceiling, I just focused on the twirls and tried to find images in them as if they were clouds or constellations. After a few hours of laying there lifeless, I hear my alarm chime the radio, it is playing “Brighter Than Sunshine” by Aqualung. This sends a jolt through my body, then I realize what time it was… damnit I have school.

Feeling unready for the day, I step into my swim suit and slop some clothes on over it. Headed to school, which was not my favorite thing, seemed safer than it ever had. I was very introverted, I kept to myself and talked to almost no one, I was very socially awkward, so I was known as a “quite girl.” So, having a happy connotation towards school was rare for me. When I arrived home that night after school, I was nothing short of exhausted. I ate my dinner after my second swim practice of the day, finished my homework, and laid down to (try to) sleep. A few moments before I fall asleep, I click off my new lamp, well new to me. I borrowed one from my sister, it was a kind of odd lamp. You have to click down the top, as if pushing a button. It took some effort, I pushed hard to click it off. On the edge of sleep, I hear a familiar click, and my light has been turned on, although there is no one in site. I see my closet door slightly ajar. I get up slowly, close the door, click the light off for the second time and lay down to sleep again. At this point I was concerned but I was so tired that it was hard to pay attention to anything other than shutting my eyes. I would have been more worried, but it was one of those physically exhausted moments where nothing really phases you or seems realistic. I was probably just tired, and my brain was tricking me – or so I’d hoped.

As I fall asleep, this time things my dream seems a lot faster paced than usual. In my dream I wake up with the same consciousness of knowing I am dreaming. Things happen in a similar sequence as my other dreams, I feel deep in this sleep. I try and wake myself up before anything can start to happen. I am fighting this sleep, I wake up for a split second, but my body won’t budge, I am stuck in the state staring at the circles formed in the paint on my ceiling through my eyelashes, unable to fully open my eyes… I start to feel… I start feeling something – something there with me. I can’t keep my eyes open, I fall back into my dream. This one felt different than the others. I am uncertain if it was because I was so tired that maybe my mind was a lot more into this trance than normal or if there were other things at play here.

Nonetheless, the sequence starts again, oh god, I can feel my heart beating out of my chest. I try the lights, the door, everything… in the same order. The ringing comes back into my ears and this time I look over and the man’s full body is seen, as if he is floating in front on the window (I’m on the second floor, like I said before, so that’s the only thing that made sense). This time there is no struggle for him, I try and scream and again nothing, no noise can be released. In unison with my scream, he simply thrusts his fist through the glass, breaking the entire window with one try. He steps through, I turn away from him and stumble-run for the closet.

As I open the door only to come to an abrupt stop – he is there, sitting how I was, in the same spot, staring up at me. Keep in mind his whole body is still shadowed, as if he were a shadow himself. You can tell it is a body, but the only way to describe it better is to envision him as a black, lanky, silhouette, never seeing fully who or what he was. As I stare blankly, I pause for a second, I’m not sure if I froze out of sheer fear or curiosity. I see his white eyes slowly open to meet mine and his grin widen as he had done before, as if he’s so clever. I look down at his hand, he was leaning his arm out straight letting his hand dangle casually over his knees. This shadowed hand is dripping with blood and covered in glass. The shards are sticking out, but he seems to feel nothing, no pain. He takes the fist and slams it into the wall, leaving bloody marks and glass shards behind.

I feel the whole room shake so hard it knocks me backwards against the floor. I got the immediate sensation of losing my breath and being unable to retrieve it. It was an intense feeling, if you have ever fallen off a swing or a trampoline flat on your back and had that split second where you black out or feel all the air leave your chest as you struggle to catch your breath, that is the feeling I got as I stumbled backwards and my back slammed the ground. This all feels too real, too real… I think to myself. I tilt my head to stare back behind me where he had been sitting with blurred vision, he starts to slowly rise, he’s very tall. He begins to walk towards me. As he does this I am starting to remember, I am DREAMING, this isn’t reality, maybe I have some sort of control.
At this point he is stepping over me towards my bed, I grab his leg and it feels like a cold silky cloth, it was hard to grasp, yet I pulled as hard as I could. He was taken aback that I would even try this and stumbles. Using the force of my body to pull him down I also pull myself onto my feet. Disoriented, I look over at my bed to see… well I see my body laying in my bed. I stare down at my hands shaking, I am starting to turn dark, shadowed like the man, the man who was now peering and confused, before me. Oh god… this is what he wanted the whole time… But what does he want to do with me? Why me? He reaches for the shin of my leg and pulls me back and slams me to the floor again, this time my head slams and I can feel blood trickling from my nose. I am fighting my way, tugging on the floor boards to reach, well, myself. I can feel his palms, cold and damp, pulling on my legs – trying to pull me back, trying to get past me. I glance back in fear to see him reaching with his bloody glass filled hand to pull out his knife… Unsteady he tries to slam it into my temple, I swing my arm against him causing him to miss by a longshot because of his injury, and the knife flings under my bed.

I remind myself, “you’re in your dream. This is YOUR dream.” As I think this, I realize it is a dream, not reality, so impossible things can happen as I assured myself before. If it was reality this man would be able to pin me down in an instant, but he is struggling because this is not reality. I kick back, and I can feel his teeth in my foot, blood and spit trickling down his face against my leg and foot. I run and slip a little bit, jumping to save myself. I reach within myself, what now? Wake up? What now?! I lay down into myself (I am aware this sounds odd), as I see the man hovering above me. He reaches for my throat with his one good hand, I fight to wake up. I almost wake up once, and again I am staring at my swirled ceiling eyes almost open, I can still feel his hand around my neck as I cling to reality. I fall back in, for a split second, I throw him off me and scream at the top of my lungs, no sounds uttered but a sense of concern or possibly fear washes over him, I could tell by his expression. I need to wake up, I HAVE TO WAKE UP. I’m screaming, and he scuttles backward, I still don’t remember what I screamed, but this time he was terrified, he jumps out the window, and disappears. Right before he leaped through the window he flashed me one last grin…

I wake up screaming, and immediately sit up in my bed… I look back and forth, scanning every aspect of my room, then down at my (as usual) shaky and sweaty hands. My body was also shaking now though too, not necessarily a cold shake more of an almost vibration. I think to myself “Is it done, is it REALLY done now??” I am terrified to sleep, drenched in my own sweat and tears. I walk downstairs to get some water and use the bathroom. My legs are aching, I notice a bruise. A fucking bruise on my leg that he was grabbing over and over. As well as my neck, there were red marks and my nose felt itchy… It may have been a coincidence, but it made me think, even as a teen… Can our dreams really relate to our reality? Is there some realm that connects us in a deeper level? Or am I just doing these things in my sleep, not realizing the self-harm I was inflicting… I was terrified.

The dreams stopped for a while, years actually. Then recently the dreams returned. It was when I was around age 20, I had recently broken up with a high school boyfriend who I pretty much lived with at the time because my home life had gotten so bad. I had no where else to go really, in the moment. So, I returned to “my” home. Since I had pretty much moved in with my boyfriend at the time, I got downgraded to a smaller room and my brother got my bigger room. I wasn’t complaining, because of all the scary things that happened in that room I was honestly happy about it. I Slept in my room for the first time in a long time which was seemingly untouched except for the mess of scattered clothes from the few weekly visits to pick up clothes or do laundry. I laid down to rest without hesitation, exhausted from the tears falling and the heart ache. I feel like whatever presence may or may not exist thrive off these feelings of despair, anger, or fear… really any feeling that makes you feel low, really, really low…

I hadn’t eaten in days, let alone slept. Just worked and cried. Tonight, felt different. I was laying and crying in my bed listening to music on my phone like any broken-hearted person would. As I finally decide to plug my phone in and try and sleep out of physical exhaustion, I turn off the lights and lay down and try to clear my mind of my worries and heartache. I have dirty clothes scattered around my floor (I am a messy person when it comes to laundry, everything else I keep neat and tidy). Right as I almost hit that moment of pure sleep, I hear a long slow creak. All my lights are turned off, so it was a bit eerie.

I honestly had shoved all the terrible things that had happened in my lucid dreams/house deep into my subconscious, almost forgotten. Sleepily and kind of creeped I stand up and flip on my light switch which is a lot closer to my bed now. My jaw drops… My closet door had opened the entire way, completely ajar to its furthest extent. I even had clothes scatted in front of it… It just didn’t add up, just like the lamp turning on by itself in my old room, nothing else in my reality like that had happened before, so I just tried to dismiss it as a faulty, crappy lamp. But this… I just didn’t know what to think. I could’ve sworn I shut it, even still I always make sure my closet door is shut before bed, almost as a routine thing. I just tried to brush it off and hope I was wrong. I laid down with an uneasy feeling but was too tired to worry too much about it. I heard my family cat meowing, so I let him in to sleep with me. That was a feeling of some comfort. I listen closely to the silence in my room. I drone off to the humming of my fan and my cat’s consistent purrs with him calmly vibrating as I hugged him until sleep came.

I awoke the next morning and everything seemed to be normal for my house. It was a Saturday, I had the day off for once, so I decided to go out with some friends for awhile to get my mind off things. I went to lunch then to a movie with some friends. We drank a little after, then I was sleepy still from the night before and going out was a lot for me. My friend dropped me at my house in a buzzing and happy mood. I returned home and played some games until I couldn’t stay awake any longer. I laid down to sleep.

This time I awoke, but things seemed different. That’s when I realized I was not awake. “Not again,” I thought. Being a little older I figured “hey I’ll be brave! I know what this is.” I tried to wake myself to no avail. The same flutter of my lashes and barely opened eyes with my body paralyzed and clinging to my bed. Nothing bad was really happening… Until I see the moonlight shine into my eyes through the window. I had blinds on these windows and they shook violently as if the window was open behind them. My new room led to part of the roof, you could literally step out and sit on it. The room is small, so my bed sits partially against the window.

I inch toward the window and pull open a blind shade and peak through. It was completely black… An eye opens staring directly into mine, less than an inch away, the only thing between us is the blinds. I stumble back and fall onto my butt on my bed, it’s calm for a second, but too quiet. No fan humming, no cat meowing. As I feel a sense of calm confusion, the figure slams a knife vertically through the exact middle, bottom up cutting the blinds with precision. The blind pieces trickle to the floor as I focus in on what is happening. I can see it forming, it’s the man… it’s the man. That same damn hat and suit.
I am gasping for air, I can’t breathe let alone move… I pause for a moment and so does he, it’s been so long since I had a dream like this… Why is this happening again? I am wondering now if I can get more information. Instead of being scared, maybe there is something I should be taking out of these experiences, as scary as it seems. I try questioning him. “Who are you?” His grin dissipates… he has a mix of a sad and maniacal emotion in his eyes. I am still on my butt with my knees bent up as a shield and my arms are behind me holding me up, not the best fighting stance. He slowly inches towards me this time, he gets close to my face and I start to almost crabwalk backward away from him until he uses one hand against my sternum to slam me down. Clearly understanding his or my purpose/connection would not change anything.

He is leaning over me on his knees and quickly pulls out the same knife in a split second and throws his arm up to prepare the thrust downward to pierce me with it. I grab his wrist with the knife in it. The struggle continues. I am scared but honestly frustrated, I just want to sleep. I start screaming at him, “WHY? Why me? WHY? WHY WH—–????” Until it turned into gibberish crying and just as he looks like he is about to mutter something I wake up. “What the fuck? Why is this happening, it has been years. Please, make it stop,” I thought. It did stop. Which confused me even more. It almost made me more curious as to why it happened until eventually the thought escaped my mind and I moved on.

Four years pass, I am going through one of the toughest times of my life. I have clinical depression and anxiety and I have taken on a lot of responsibility. I was going through a tough time again. So, it made it even worse. The dreams had subsided for so long and were hidden somewhere deep I tried not to reach anymore. But that didn’t stop them, or him. I’m 24 now. That is why I am now deciding to recap my thoughts and experiences to better understand them or at least let people know they aren’t alone if they experience these things.

It was a night, one of my bad nights. I was in tears, feeling hopeless, lifeless, just empty. Finally, I slipped into a deep sleep. For awhile I had friends stay over a lot of the time or I’d stay with my best friend because it was comforting, but it had been awhile since then. At least a year or so, so it was odd this was all happening again now. Maybe the negative energy has something to do with it. I had been sleeping happily on my own, so things seemed fine. Until the night came.

This night I got the same feeling, being almost jerked awake in my lucid dream to complete silence. That’s usually how I knew, it would be calm at first, with the humming of my fan, then the sound would slowly diminish through-out. This one started the same, waking in bed and things seeming off. I look around to see and empty, dark quite room with my phone laying on the counter. I remember it lighting up and checking the time, although I can’t even remember what time it said now which always bugged me… Anyways, that was all that dream consisted of. I woke up once after that and slept like I normally would, so nothing weird happened, it just felt… off.
The second night came, and I did the same thing, checked the time on my phone before I laid down, but this time I hear a scuttle, I look over to see the hoodie on my bedroom door move up and down. I was scared but relieved, I looked down and saw a transparent figure of my dog Sam who passed away tugging and pushing on my hoodie potentially searching for treats or “snackers” as we call them. This was the first positive thing I had seen in a lucid dream, so it made me feel light hearted. I heard a light scratching at the door and I see my dog tilt his head. Sam seemed excited not scared so I had a feeling it was okay. I opened my door and one of my dogs (Winston) came running in happy and smiling, they start to play fight and act all cute then suddenly I see them freeze. They look over and my damn closet slightly opens. My dog Winston sprints out and my dog Sam gives me a sad look and cowers. I blink, and he is gone. My room is empty, all that is left is me… Nothing else happens really, I lay down in my dream and wake up in real life. It’s morning, weird how short dreams can seem sometimes.

The third night I fall asleep to the same thing. I was almost excited this time because I had a somewhat positive experience in my last dream. I wake up this time in my dream and check my phone time like normal, but it won’t turn on… I feel for my charger and it’s plugged in but still will not work. Damn phone, I lay it back down on the counter. It’s dark in my room but the kind of dark where you can still see kind of when your eyes adjust. I look around hoping for my dogs but there is nothing but silence and darkness. I hear the little scratch on my door and I go to open it. “Winston!” I happily cheer in my puppy dog voice. He wags his tail for a second then stops and lets out a little “boof” as his eyes are fixated on something behind me. I turn to look behind me and see nothing. “What’s wrong buddy?” He jumps a bit out of fear then quickly scurries down the dark staircase… I call his name but it’s silent.

I turn around to an empty room and am about to lay back down to sleep. I see that amid this my closet is ajar again. This time I am fed up. I try and flip the light on in my closet and my room. Nothing. Darkness. I shut my closet door and lay down. I’ll just wake up. It’ll be fine. I’ll wake up. I close my eyes and wake up. I hear my phone vibrate and see a message that starts with “SARAH! ….” But I can’t make out the rest, I wear contacts and am near sighted so it’s hard to read from afar. I reach sleepily and cautiously for my phone. Right as I am about to grab it something from behind me slams my head down. It feels like large, cold, damp hand of a man. It is holding me down with one hand on the nape of my neck and the other pressing my body down with his other cold hand centered in my back. I feel it shift its weight and bring it’s head next to mine. Dare I look to my right to see it? It almost feels like a different presence but at the same time in my head I feel like it’s him again… I feel his heavy long breaths breathing in and out against the side of my face and neck. Almost a heavy satisfied sound in his breath. That’s all I can hear, the steady heavy breathing.

I feel my own breath falter, fuck… I can’t breathe. I was so shocked and frozen by how fast it all happened that I didn’t realize. I feel the pressure pushing more and more against my back and throat, causing each breath to be less and less, I start to feel dizzy then I think… wait, I must not be awake… I must be calm I have to be calm… I feel myself slowly wake up as I slow my heart rate and calm myself in my dream. I just keep thinking I’m in control, it’ll be okay. Until it was. As I’m waking up I slowly feel him hesitantly release my neck and back, as he slowly backs away I feel him whisper something in my ear. I couldn’t hear what he said, but I could tell he was speaking and not just breathing… I still don’t know what he said and that irks me to this day.
I woke up barely catching my breath. I haven’t slept much since then and I am terrified of what will happen next… I still feel his presence sometimes, in my dreams especially, even when it’s nothing important, I can still feel him there, watching… waiting… I sometimes think I see him out of the corner of my eye. Who or what are you? Why me? But none the less, I hope I never find out. But for now, this is all I can write, my brother needs my help, he said he was cleaning his room and found something weird under my old bed.


Killer Look

By

Shannon Higdon

Daniella flew through the front door and threw her books on the coffee table with disdain.

“I know…right? I mean, geez…what a bitch.” She was talking through her Bluetooth which was commonplace but still earned her a fair number of strange looks in public. It was 2017 for heaven’s sake, she often wondered, how could there still be people in the western world unfamiliar with basic technology? It blew her mind that anyone older than thirty could function in this world anyway. What the hell did they do before the internet…look things up in books? Maybe that was why she had so much contempt for her school-books; they were just so antiquated. Did anything really need to be printed anymore?

“Sarah’s known that I’ve been into Darryl since…I don’t know…like, the beginning of last year. She promised me that she wouldn’t go out with him.” She continued the conversation while bounding up the stairs, two at a time and down the hall to her bedroom, which was in a desperate need of a design overhaul. She couldn’t remember how many times she’s promised herself that the “Timberlake” and “Bieber” posters would finally come down, but in the end, never quite came to fruition.  The Justins’ appeared to be on the wall for good.

“Oh please! Darryl and Mickey are in two different leagues. Why the hell would I ever consider go out with a scrub like that?” She fell onto her twin bed still adorned with pink lace and a “My Little Pony” theme. Sometimes the childish motif of her room irritated her, a blatant notice of how far removed she was from the life she dreamed of as a fashionista in New York or Venice but more often than not she found the room full of memories to be a comfort, a reminder of simpler, happy times when “hide and seek” was something to be taken seriously and responsibility was just a word Daniella couldn’t spell.

The only thing in her room that represented the future she was interested in was the massive make-up desk and chair her parents had given her last year. That, and about five hundred different types of make-up; foundations, polishes, blushes, and eye-liners. She had assembled a collection that would be the envy of many professional make-up artists and she took a lot of pride and her ability to sit any of her friends down in the chair and have them leave looking and feeling amazing. Her girl-friends had given her the nickname “Killer” because, despite its ominous sound, she always created killer looks.

“Chet…really? Chet? O.M.G. Shirley, have you lost your mind? I don’t care how rich his parents are, that kid is an absolute freak.  He’s got more piercings than both of us combined.” She broke into unrestrained laughter at whatever response she received from the other end of her earpiece. “You need help, girl. You’re a friggin’ mess; but you know that already…right?” From her free ear Daniella heard a loud knock at the front door. Normally, she wouldn’t be in any rush to see who it was but there was something about the knock that caught her off-guard. It was louder and one would expect, the kind of authoritative pounding that makes one think the door will crack or at very least the police must be on the other side.

“Girl, I gotta go. There’s someone breaking down the front door so I guess I’d better see what the hell’s going on.” A pause, then, “Yea…yea. Okay. I love you too. Goodb-…oh shit, wait. Whose house are we getting ready at tomorrow? Jenny? Okay. Are you driving? Uh huh…okay; I guess pick me up around five and we’ll meet the guys there.” There was another series of pounding downstairs which prompted the conversation’s end and Daniella pulled out her earpiece and scurried back down the stairs. She was the only one home for at least another hour and there was a split-second of indecision as to whether or not to check the peephole first, but the baseball bat behind the door and her ten years of martial arts training pushed the thought aside.

Opening the door, Pavlovian smile on her face, she was a little surprised to see an empty porch. Maybe it was a salesperson that moved on or kids? She shrugged and began to close the door again when something caught her eye; a small unmarked cardboard box leaning against the rocking chair. It must have been a delivery service but she struggled to figure out who as the box was entirely unmarked…not even a shipping address. How the hell did they know where to deliver it?

She scooped it up and gave it the traditional, Christmas morning shake. It was relatively light; whatever was in there was apparently packed tightly because nothing rattled. She took the package into the kitchen and deposited it on the counter while she grabbed a pair of scissors from the junk drawer and a ginger-ale from the fridge. She was very careful navigating the thick, brown tape with the scissors.  The last thing she needed the day before her senior prom was to break one of her nails. They were already perfectly manicured as well as being natural. If she chipped one, she would have to take them all down and that would mean artificial nails for prom and that could be a potential nightmare. What would the girls say?

After opening the package with precision seen only in operating theatres, she began sifting through the Styrofoam peanuts to find a very unexpected surprise: make-up samples. She didn’t remember ordering anything lately, but since she had been putting her make-up tutorials on Youtube there were companies that would send unsolicited samples for her to review. It hadn’t happened a lot, but was becoming more frequent as her subscribers increased and was always a pleasant surprise. It was like getting a birthday present…just because; it always made her day.

Daniella squealed with joy as she pulled out the set; they all looked beautiful. In fact, the colors were absolutely perfect to accompany her prom dress and, quite frankly, couldn’t have come at a better time. It was a very unusual package, however, as the samples didn’t include any company names, only the colors of each item. She had just about decided that there would be no way to find out where the items came from when she found one business card at the bottom of the box. It was just as odd.

On one side was a toll-free telephone number and the other side had one simple word: Ultra. Well that sounded familiar at least, but what a weird advertising style…very understated.

“I guess they let the products speak for themselves,” she said to no one in particular and proceeded to put it all back in the box for the time being…all except for the lipstick. There was a student council meeting a little later in the evening and the color was just understated enough that she would be presentable as the student council president they all expected without looking like the whore she knew some whispered her to be. Haters will hate after all. She threw the tube into her jeans pocket and set the unmarked box in the hall closet next to her prom dress marveling again at how well the colors went together. She loved it when things came together like this.

Over the next ninety minutes she finished her homework and recorded a twenty minute video on proper techniques for acrylic fingernail painting. Being as popular as she was, there were a lot of things said about her but the one thing no one could accuse her of was being lazy or unmotivated. Everyone that knew her was amazed at her ability to just…go. Constantly in motion, striving and achieving, she had been a dynamo since her legs mastered the ability to walk.

There was a brief session of hugs and kisses in the foyer as her parents got home and she was preparing to leave for her meeting at the school. Tonight they were finalizing prom policies and dealing with the rumors that several students were planning on bringing marijuana to the hallowed dance and that, of course, would be unacceptable. Her mom had some news she desperately wanted to covey about a new boy in the neighborhood but Daniella, who was already two minutes behind schedule, had to wave her off before scuttling out the door, keys in one hand, purse in the other.

Taking a moment to let her classic 1992 Bronco warm up, the heat always took a few minutes anyway, she dug the lipstick out of her Saint Laurent bag. It was a light color, somewhere between rose and pink, entitled simply “smile”. Marveling in the rearview mirror at its coverage and how glistening and moist it made her lips look, she gave a small squeal of joy. One of main lessons her father had instilled in her was the ability to appreciate small gifts and little victories.

She actually lost count of the number of compliments she got after the meeting on her lips. Daniella, of all people, knew the power that certain make-ups could have for some people and that amazing things could be done but she had never known any of her lipsticks to have left the type of impression that this one apparently did. Driving home after, she had already begun composing her review in her head while getting equally excited about using the rest of the samples for prom tomorrow night. It was well known that she was the odds-on favorite to win prom queen; she might as well look the part.

That night as she was getting ready for bed, she attempted to remove the lipstick with a special make-up removal cloth but it wasn’t coming off, not even smudging in the least. She wasn’t aware that it was “long-wear” lipstick but that actually pleased her; she loved long-wear make-up. The only downside was that you needed special removal cream which she was currently out of.

“Oh well,” she mumbled to herself, “Guess I’ll pick some up tomorrow” before climbing into bed for the evening and dreaming of running her own fashion empire. The morning came with a sprawling, cloudless sky filled with sunshine and warmth, at least twenty degrees warmer than the day before; it was perfect. There are certain days in a young lady’s life that are looked forward to more than others; obviously, birthdays and Christmas were always special and there was no shortage of dreamers and planners for the perfect wedding and even kids for her sanity-questionable friends…but prom night…oh prom night…it was an entity unto itself.

It was a magical night where all the girls were princesses, all the boys were princes, everyone looked like they stepped straight from the pages of a fairy tale and it came right in the middle of the formative years before time could steal away their sense of awe and replace it with a jaded nature. There would be dancing and laughing and the very real possibility that she could lose her virginity later in the evening if Carl continued on the same path of gentlemanly behavior he had been displaying thus-far. Carl wasn’t Darryl; who was? But he was still sweet, smart and hot and with the boys in her school that was a rare triple-threat.

After climbing out of bed and before her shower, Daniella stole a quick look in her mirror and was pleasantly amazed at how good her lipstick still looked; as if she had just applied it. This stuff was going to get a great review! After carefully picking the day’s ensemble she was off to school in a mood that could only be categorized as giddy; full of excitement for the evening’s festivities and it only escalated at the day progressed. The school day went quicker than usual as all anyone could talk about was the prom and teachers pretty much gave up on doing any actual teaching for the day. Time really did fly when you were having fun.

Her friend, Sarah, picked up her up after school and they carted her dress, shoes and accessories back to her place where three other girls would meet them so they could all get ready together and Daniella could do everyone’s make-up. Of course, with her secret weapon, none of them would look as good as her. Sarah’s mom would take video of the entire process while her dad would pull out his old 1980’s Nikon and become more than a little obnoxious with the constant flashes. The girls could only do their best to work around them and amuse themselves with the situation.

“Old people…” Sarah mumbled at one point and the entire group fell down with laughter. Her mom, not hearing what she had said, laughed right along with them; happy to be in the room and re-living her own memories vicariously. When it came time to apply their faces Daniella, with the care of a great artist, turned each girl into a radiant, unbelievable version of themselves. She, of course, did her own last. The foundation, simply labeled “Mask”, was smooth and airy; not quite a lotion…more like a whipped cream. It felt like a refreshing moisturizer and glided over her face with ease leaving it looking flawless. Easily the best foundation she had ever used.

The rest of the kit was equally amazing. The eye liner “Blink”, the mascara “Spikes”, and the blush “Finale” were all the best she had seen and she was a lot more than a novice. All her “bitches” agreed and, despite the “killer” looks she had already created for them, they complained with jealously. Unfortunately, the samples were just that and there was really only enough for a single application so they couldn’t get too upset. It wouldn’t matter in the long run though because she was sure that they would all be ordering more after prom.

It didn’t appear necessary to apply any more of the “Smile” as it looked perfect still but she gave it a quick swipe anyway. No reason not to put on the finishing touch. Their dates came together in a rented stretch-limo, including a very dashing Carl, around seven and, after another round of pictures, the group was off to dinner. During the second course Daniella couldn’t help but to notice that the other girls all had to use their napkins to remove some of their lipstick to eat. Julia even managed to get a bit on her teeth which no one told her about for ten minutes while they took a number of selfies with her that they could use for blackmail at a later date.

Daniella didn’t have that problem. The day had been so hectic that she hadn’t realized until food was actually placed before her that she hadn’t eaten since breakfast. She worked on prom decorations through lunch and left soon after she had gotten home so she wasn’t able to grab her usual snack or protein shake. All of that led to a ravenous appetite and she finished an entire rack of Lamb without having to remove or re-apply her lipstick at all. Even the foundation remained smooth and spotless despite the workout her jaw gave it through dinner.

Being the make-up queen that she was, it was always a hot topic of conversation with other girls at school; many seeking advice. The prom was no exception. The number of girls who asked about what she was wearing was only exceeded by the number of compliments she received. Half way through the evening, while taking a break from dancing, it came up again with Stacey.

“Who did you say you were wearing again?” Stacey called out over the music while they sat at the odd angles their dresses would allow. “Because it still looked amaze-balls. Like, you’ve been sweating and shit too and…damn bitch; you friggin’ kill me. You’re gonna be voted “most likely to look twenty when your forty” for sure.”

“Thanks bitch,” Daniella called back, “It’s weird but its ‘Ultra’.”

“Oh yea…” Stacey nodded her head in agreement. “I love ‘Ulta Beauty’. I could die in that their store.”

“Really?” Daniella perked up. “Where?”

“In the mall…next to ‘GameStop’.” Daniella shook her head ‘no’.

“No…not ‘Ulta’. They’re called ‘Ultra’; different company, I think.”

“Are you saying ‘ULTRA’?” Stacey called back and Daniella nodded back.

“Yea. ‘Ultra’. Unless maybe it’s Ultra Ulta.” She laughed and Stacey, not really hearing the full comment, smiled back.

“Well…whatever it is, I want some. You need to email me the hook-up, okay?”

“Dude…it’s weird but I’ve only got a telephone number for the place. I can email that but I might as well text it to you.” Stacey looked horrified.

“You’re shittin’ me! I gotta call and speak to an actual person? W.T.F. is that all about?”

“I don’t know,” Daniella agreed, “It’s definitely different. I think it’s probably a small operation but that still wouldn’t explain why they don’t have a website. Maybe it’s a ‘retro’ thing.”

“Totally retro. I kind of dig it.” Stacey called out as she scampered back to the dance-floor which was basically just girls dancing at that point. It could have been because the guys were all out back smoking or it could have been due to the deejay’s choosing ‘It’s Raining Men’. The rest of the night went without a hitch and the group all had a great time although most of their dates were high as kites by the end of the dance.

Carl was the perfect gentleman Daniella had expected…or at least hoped that he would be and she was liking his chances as scoring more and more. He, at very least, had earned a serious make-out session. After the dance the group went back to Chip’s house to change into more comfortable clothes which they had kept in the limo’s trunk and which seemed more suitable for an evening of ‘partying’. Chip’s place was a very calculated decision as his father worked third shift and his mother was a black-out drunk so they knew they would have it all to themselves so to speak.

The group began smoking pot and drinking vodka almost immediately after walking through the door. Daniella didn’t get high; that was for lazy people. She would, on few occasions, drink alcohol however and tonight, she had long since decided, would be one of those occasions; curious to see everyone’s reaction to the “good girl” going bad for the night. Carl for one, she thought, would be in for a big surprise.

The size of the party quickly escalated to nearly half of the junior and senior classes; all the while Chip’s mother lying comatose in a bedroom beneath a pile of coats. To say the party ended up being “epic” would be an understatement. At least that’s what the pictures and videos would suggest. Daniella really couldn’t remember. At some point, early on, the vodka overtook her ability to remain vertical and then shortly after that her ability to remain conscious. Poor Carl didn’t even get a kiss goodnight.

She woke up in Chip’s bed with Sarah and Beth and they all smelled flammable. Her movement and subsequent moans woke the other two who chimed in with wails of their own.

“W.T.F.? How much did we drink last night?” Sarah asked while smacking her lips together to display how dry her mouth was. “And why the hell am I waking up in a bed with you bitches instead of three or four guys from the football team?” Daniella poked her in the hip, knowing it to be a sensitive spot.

“Slut. You wouldn’t know what to do with more than two of them anyway.” Beth’s moan turned into a giggle and Sarah was having none of it.

“Bitch, you might not know what to do with more than two of them but I get ‘Pornhub’. You’d be shocked at what I can do.”

“No…” Daniella said while standing and stretching, “I wouldn’t. I know what kind of perv you are. Hell, I keep wondering when I’m gonna find you and your dog in bed together.” Beth laughed harder and Sarah pointed an accusing finger at Daniella.

“You better not talk any shit about Mister Biggles. You can say whatever the hell you want about me and my mother and my father and my brother and my grandmother and my house and any damn thing you want, but leave…Mister…Biggles…out…of…it. You got it, bitch?” The three girls were silent for a second and then fell together on the bed with tearful laughter.

“You know what I hate?” Beth asked when they finally calmed.

“Spiders and earthquakes?” Daniella guessed.

“Death and taxes?” Sarah joined in and the game was on as they hit her with their rapid fire sarcasm. “Horses?” “Lizards?” “Cornflakes?” “Keanu Reeves?” “Slow wi-fi?” “Rainy days?” “Unrealistic female portrayals in romantic comedies?” “Mondays?” Finally Beth threw up her hands in frustration.

“You guys really are bitches. No…well, I do hate Monday’s but that’s Garfield’s fault, not mine. No…what I hate is the fact that Sarah and I look like squished turds this morning and you look like you just stepped out of the salon. Seriously, what the hell?”

“Yea…” Sarah agreed, “Squished turds for sure.”

“Listen,” Beth continued, “You have to promise me that when you get more of that stuff I’ll be the first one to get some.” Daniella nodded ‘okay’ but it wasn’t enough as Beth jumped from the bed to grab her shoulders tightly and force direct eye contact. “Promise me. You have to say it. I don’t care who you gotta’ screw over or disappoint; I had better be the very first to get it. Now say it. No matter the consequences, I’ll be the first. Promise!” It took an actual verbal promise that, no matter what, Beth would be the first to get a batch of the new make-up to get out of her death grip; she was surprisingly strong for her size.

Curious to see if the make-up really held up as well as they were saying Daniella rushed to the bathroom to check her reflection; as well as to relieve to her swelling bladder. Her friends were right…the make-up looked like it had just been applied and she was amazed. She grabbed Chip’s mom’s compact and studied it closely as she peed. There was none of the drying or flaking one often saw from long-wear make-up. There was no smearing or smudging whatsoever despite her evening of drunken…whatever.

“Man…these guys are awesome,” she mumbled to herself. The bird’s nest on her head aside, she looked good enough to go straight to a wedding…or at very least, a funeral; definitely good enough for IHOP which is where the group found themselves thirty minutes later. Once again, Daniella was ravenous and the food was so good she literally sent her compliments to the chef. “You mean the cook?” Peggy, their server, had asked, obviously never hearing Fred referred to as a “chef” before.

An hour after that saw her settling into her bed, more than willing to let a Saturday slip by for the sake of her physical recovery. She had stopped by Walmart on her way home to pick up some long-wear make-up removal cream but she was way too beat to do anything with it once she was home and within eyeshot of her pink pillows. It was called “long-wear” after all; there wasn’t any rush. She wanted to do a video of the removal process anyway and that required way more effort than she was willing to give in her hung-over condition and so the bed won out.

It was dark outside when she finally woke up although it took a moment for her to find that out. Her eyelids were stuck initially and it took some effort to get them open as well as hurting to do so. She cried out from the unexpected pain. On top of that her entire face felt itchy and tight. Daniella wondered to herself if the make-up contained some type of hyaluronic acid or stem-cell derivatives that the women in their fifties sought out so frequently but Daniella was only seventeen and in no need for a face-lift as of yet.

She tried to scratch the itchier spots but the skin was numb and she couldn’t even feel her own fingers on her face.

“What the…” She scrambled out of bed and turned on the array of lights on her make-up desk. The face was still immaculate to the eye, but considerably less so to the touch. The make-up was beginning to stiffen, now to the point of a thick, weathered leather. The skin behind the mask was stuck firmly to the other side being significantly restrained from its normal movements; so much so that it was nearly a nearly excruciating effort to simply smile.

Frantically, she ran downstairs to grab her Walmart bag and had a wad of the removal cream in her hand before she even got back. The anxiety only escalated when the cream had no effect whatsoever. The make-up mask wasn’t coming off and it felt like it was getting harder by the second; with the simple act of blinking becoming more difficult each time. She screamed once again when she tried to wipe away the mascara. Her eyelashes, although thick and beautiful, were as sharp as little razor blades and when she pulled her hand away there was blood on her fingers.

Tears struggled to slip through as Daniella found herself running back down the stairs. Where the hell did I leave that box? With scrambled eggs for brains it took twenty, painful minutes to remember and then retrieve the unmarked container and what she was really looking for: the business card. Cursing herself for not having put the card in her purse the day before she grabbed her cell phone and dialed the one eight-hundred number, her anger and fear rising with each digit pushed.

She put the phone on speaker and gently tried to massage her irritated face while it rang to no relief. Finally after three five rings a feminine, automated voice began its brief pre-recorded message.

“Thank you for calling Ultra. Dial ‘one’ for the Ultra experience. Dial ‘two’ to leave the name of your Ultra gift recipient. If you really must speak with the representative, then dial ‘three’.” The entire tone was very odd.

“What the hell?” she muttered under her breath. She was so caught off-guard by the unusual recording she didn’t even realize that she had hit ‘one’ on her touchscreen until the recording started back up.

“The Ultra experience is…” The voice cut itself off before it could finish the sentence and was suddenly replaced by an unearthly sound. The noise could have easily been called “indescribable” but Daniella knew exactly what it was the moment it started; recognizing it on a primordial level. It was the sound of hundreds, if not thousands of human voices crying out in pain. It was a multi-layered effect with different types of wails and screams at different decibels coming together in a symphony of pain. It was blood-curdling and she threw her cell to the ground, fortunately shutting down the noise in the process.

Running to the kitchen sink she fought her heaving stomach. It wasn’t that she was totally opposed to the idea of throwing-up in that moment, but rather it was her concern that her mouth wouldn’t open wide enough to allow the vomit out without choking her to death which kept it at bay. The whole situation was one that was quickly speeding past just being worried about her vanity.  Death felt like an entirely possible scenario at that point and Daniella was scared…damn scared.

It took a few minutes to compose herself although, as her aching cheeks suggested, time was not on her side. The make-up mask was becoming more and more rigid while keeping her skin prisoner in the process. It was starting to feel like her face had been Krazy-Glued to a wall or some other unforgiving surface and ‘urgency’ was starting to feel like the theme of the evening. She scooped her cell phone off the floor and thanked Apple for the shatterproof screen.

Redial brought back the creepy digital voice, “Thank you for calling Ultra. Dial ‘one’ for the…” Daniella cut it off by pressing ‘three’ as quickly as she could. “Thank you,” the voice responded, “one moment please.” After a couple seconds of silence the robotic, female voice was replaced by an actual human, female voice.

“This is the representative. What is it you need?” Her sentences were curt but her tone was very sing-song as though she were speaking to a group of kindergarteners.

“What do I need?” Daniella asked in disbelief as though this woman should already know what a horrifying product they had sent her way. “I don’t even know where to start.” She wanted to scream but the lack of movement in her face impeded her ability to enunciate well, so she sacrificed the decibels for articulation.

“What I need…is for you to tell me why the hell you guys sent me these products that are trying to kill me and how the hell to get them off my face.”

“I’m sorry you’re dis-pleased with the products and we thank you for giving them a try.” The woman’s tone still didn’t belie her words and it was very off-putting.

“Thank me? Are you serious? Did you hear what I said? The damn stuff is stuck to my face and its turning into concrete while I’m wearing it.” There was a desperate pleading in Daniella’s voice that stood as a stark contrast to the sickly-sweet tone of the woman on the other end of the line.

“Yes,” the woman interrupted to agree, “That’s correct. You won’t be able to remove the Ultra Make-up Line without the special Ultra Make-up removal cream.”

“Removal cream? What the fuck? Is this some type of sick scam? You gonna start blackmailing my family now?”

“No Daniella,” she calmly replied, “it’s nothing like that.” Daniella was shocked into a momentary silence. How the hell did that woman know her name?

“My n-n-name…” she stuttered.

“Yes, Daniella Elaine Cooper. That is your name.” She might as well have been informing a baby who had never heard it before.

“I didn’t tell you my name. What…how…how do you know who I am?”

“I know all of Ultra’s customers.”

“CUSTOMERS!” Daniella did scream this time. “I didn’t order this shit!  I didn’t ask for it and I didn’t pay for it!” The woman gave a small chuckle on the other end.

“Well…you’re paying for it now, aren’t you?” Daniella’s blood was beginning to boil.

“You smug bitch! I don’t know who you think you are but I will RUIN you on Youtube. I want to know your name. Who is your boss? I want to speak to your boss…RIGHT NOW!”

“Well, Miss Cooper, my name is Diane and if you’ll calm down I’d be happy to let you speak to the president of Ultra Industries. Is that what you would like?”

“Yes dammit. Right friggin’ now, Diane! Get his ass on the phone.”

“Very well…hold please.” Daniella slammed her phone against the counter in frustration as the line went quiet again; apparently on hold.

“Dammit!” she screamed to the empty kitchen; her face was starting to ache considerably without even mentioning the pain from trying to move her mouth to speak. Somewhere between prom and that moment she had stepped into a horror movie and her brain fought to keep up with the transition. After about thirty seconds the line came back to life; it was Diane again.

“This is the president; how may I help you?” Daniella’s teeth gritted with the rage as she desperately wanted to break something.

“Is this a joke, Diane? I know that’s still you. Are you not going to let me speak to anyone else?”

“Well…here’s the thing, Miss Cooper.” Her voice still bright and sunny, “It doesn’t matter what department to ask to be transferred to; shipping, production, marketing…the president, you’re always going to end up with me. I’m all there is, all you will get, and in a very real way, all you should be concerned with in the entire world. I’m Diane, Miss Cooper; and ‘Diane’ is your god.” It suddenly occurred to Daniella that Diane might very well be insane and she wanted to break and cry. Were it not for her most primitive survival instinct, she might very well have done just that.

“Diane…for the love of God…please Diane; where can I get the Ultra removal cream?”

“Well that’s easy, silly-pants. I can send it right over to you. In fact, I can get it there in a matter of minutes.”

“So you live close to me then?” Some part of her was still trying to piece it all together.

“I never said that, Daniella, and it’s not wise to make assumptions.”

“Okay…fine,” she pleaded, “what do I need to do? Do you want money…how much?”

“No dear. I don’t need your money. I just need for you to understand what’s at stake here.” Daniella’s head was swimming. What was she talking about?

“What’s at stake?” she mumbled back to Diane.

“Yes dear, exactly. You have two choices this evening and, looking at my clock, you don’t have a long time to decide between them. Your first choice is the avenue of apathy: simply do nothing. Go to bed and hope it’ll all be better in the morning. I can assure that if you choose this route the changes to your face will be perpetual. Your face will look like a beautiful china doll for the rest of your life, although you won’t be able to actually use it anymore. I can only say that if you choose to go this way, I hope you have an affinity for straws. You might be surprised however at how many of your generation choose to go that way…or maybe you wouldn’t.”

“And the other choice?” Daniella prompted.

“Ah yes…the other choice indeed. This is the decision that ends with the Ultra make-up removal cream in your hands and the make-up off your face…presumably early enough that no permanent damage has been done to that beautiful mug of yours.”

“What do you want from me?”

“I want you to choose someone; someone you know, someone to receive the next special delivery of the Ultra sample package. If you do that then the problem becomes theirs and you may wash your hands of it. Just pick the next person and you’re free.” Daniella struggled to process this information but the one tidbit that stuck in her brain was the fact that if she had to pick someone to go through this horrible ordeal then that meant someone else had probably picked her as well. The thought made her sick. Who would do such a thing to her?

The surge of indignant resentment was quickly replaced by shame when she realized that she might be doing that very thing to somebody else in the near future. Was she really capable of that? Could she really participate in this sick type of chain-mail? Catching her reflection in the microwave oven was enough to answer the question for her. Her face, even in the hazy, black reflection was already beginning to look…artificial. Just as Diane had said, it began to resemble a china doll; or rather a china doll horror mask that one would buy for Halloween. It really pissed her off…enough even to not concede quite yet.

“Maybe I take the third choice, Diane.” Her voice was calm and smooth this time as she concentrated intently on her cadence and tone, both of which were hampered by her ever increasing stiffness. She could see the point coming where she would have to master the art of ventriloquism in order to converse at all. “Maybe I choose to go to the police and I have your sorry ass thrown in jail for the rest of your natural life…or worse. This might even warrant the electric chair, you psycho-bitch.”

“Well Miss Cooper, you could do that,” she sounded unfazed, “and, in all honesty, you might be successful; but that won’t fix your face. In fact, I can pretty much guarantee the opposite; and before you rush off in an ambulance let me also assure you that there will be nothing the doctors’ will be able to do for you. Here at Ultra, we take quality control very seriously and each batch is carefully monitored to ensure that all necessary ingredients are present. Including those things which modern, western medicine would call superstition and fairy-tale nonsense; things that some might call…magic.”

“You’re insane, Diane. You know that…right?”

“Perhaps Miss Cooper, but that doesn’t change the fact that you have a decision to make. Frankly, we here at Ultra would be proud to have you as a spokes-model if you choose the high road. It should bring a completely new audience to your webcasts. I figure you’ve got a couple hours at most before the change is irreversible so I would use that time wisely, were I you. Please feel free to call us back at Ultra once you’ve made your decision and have a wonderful evening.” The line went dead and Daniella collapsed to the floor.

She wanted desperately to run to her mother’s arms for answers and support but her parents were at her brother’s football game and wouldn’t be back until much later…too much later. As much as she hated the idea, she was on her own for this one and she picked her phone back up and hit redial; hating herself more than she had ever imagined that she could. Before the recording could advance she hit ‘two’ and after a quick prompt said, “Beth Whitaker at four eleven Rose Palm Drive,” and hung up.

A few minutes later there was a pounding at the front door and she ran as quickly as she could to throw it open; still wanting to see the parties responsible for this atrocity. There was, as she half expected, no one there, of course; only a small white paper bag with a single, white tube of cream inside. The container was solid white and devoid of any markings other than a single word printed in black: ‘Freedom’.

It took nearly an hour to remove all the make-up but he cream did its job just as Diane said it would. Once the horrific mask was completely gone, Daniella climbed into her bed and pulled the sheets over her head like she did as a child. She could hear her parents and brother come in downstairs but she was in no condition to greet them. Her mind was so troubled.  All she just wanted was to sleep and put this whole nightmare behind her. As she drifted off her thoughts presented her with a new concern: what was she going to do with the rest of her life? She was going to have to make a new game-plan because one thing was for certain…she would never again wear make-up so long as she lived.


My son has reached the age at which he can enjoy my stories. By now, his friends have gathered that I am “the guy” who wrote those books and Creepypastas that they have read and listened to on YouTube. Sometimes, when they are over the house, we’ll sit out around a bonfire in the backyard and share stories. Each time we do, it never fails that someone asks “Yeah, but do you have any true stories?”

True? Are you insinuating that my stories aren’t true? Well, for the most part they are not. There are a few that are mostly true, or based on true events; but I recently remembered one that is entirely true, and it still gives me the shivers. Let me digress a bit and properly set the background.

There are three types of campers. The first are the “glampers,” who drive around in their two-hundred-thousand dollar motor homes with king sized beds, satellite TV and internet access, and more televisions than are in my entire house. Then are the “campers,” who rent lots at campgrounds or state parks and sleep on the ground in tents telling themselves that, unlike the glampers, they are really roughing it. And that leaves the stone agers. My friends and I fall in that last category.

Our idea of camping was to drive out to the wilderness, pull off the side of the road, stuff as much as we could into our backpacks, and take off on foot up into the mountains. Give me a sleeping bag, a gun, a bottle of cheap whiskey, and a can of beans and I’m set for the weekend. That is how my friends and I spent most of our summer weekends in our younger years.

Growing up in Cleveland, Ohio, the nearest place that we could find actual wilderness included a four hour drive to the foothills of the Appalachians in the Allegheny National forest. We would hit I- 90 right after work on Friday and drive east along the great lakes until we reached the outskirts of the forest, then plunge south into its heart. Our destination was the little town of Red House near the Seneca Nation Indian Reservation. It was a long, boring drive – especially after a hard day’s work – but our excitement would begin to grow when we spotted the first familiar landmark. Driving along the Allegheny River highway, it was impossible to miss the Kinzua Dam. Built for flood control and used to generate hydroelectric power, the one-hundred-eighty foot high concrete structure was massive and visible from miles away. It was, and still is, the largest dam east of the Mississippi River.

Passing the dam, we would go over a long bridge that crossed the man-made Allegheny Reservoir that had come to be known as Lake Perfidy – an interesting and fitting name, as you will soon find out. Red House was not far beyond that. On this particular occasion, our party consisted of myself and two friends: Mike and Rob. We reached an abandoned gas station – our “base camp” – shortly after nine o’clock. As usual, we packed our things and begin climbing into the Appalachian foothills. We were in a hurry to get to one of our favorite spots as soon as possible. It was freezing cold, even though it was the middle of August, and we still needed to locate some dry wood for a campfire.

Finding cut logs and kindling was never a problem, as that part of the forest underwent a constant process of selective logging. Trees were thinned out rather than clear-cut, allowing the logging companies to get their take while leaving a sustainable forest to repair itself. There was always some waste left over, and as soon as we dropped our packs and sleeping rolls, we went off hunting for chunks of wood. Another advantage of having the logging companies working out there was the network of primitive logging roads that they left behind. Narrow, flat, and paved with pressed sawdust and wood chips, the roads made great trails to follow. Theoretically, we could have used them to drive further up the mountain but a ranger had long ago warned us that they were dangerous. They twisted and turned without warning, were sometimes blocked by fallen trees, and if the weather was wet they tended to slide out from beneath your vehicle, potentially leaving you hanging from a mountain ledge. In addition to that, he told us stories about the local drunks who would use the roads at night to get from the bars in town out to their homes in order to avoid using surface roads, where they might run into the sheriff. Two vehicles trying to negotiate the same road, in opposite directions, with (at least) one drunk operator was a recipe for disaster.

Friday night was uneventful. We gathered some wood, got a fire started and laid out our sleeping rolls. We sat around the fire for an hour or so passing around a bottle of Echo Springs and talking about our plans for Saturday and then, exhausted, hit the hay.

Okay, the one downside of sleeping under the stars is the potential to wake up half-submerged in a puddle of water. Sure enough, it had rained overnight. Not enough of a downpour to wake any of us up, but enough to thoroughly soak our campsite. The coals from the previous evening’s fire were still sizzling. My sleeping bag, and my clothes, were soaked. First order of business was to get a roaring fire going and try to dry out and warm up. That done, we decided to head back to the truck and make a run for the reservation. Surely, we thought, there must be some type of general store where we could buy some tarps so that we would be prepared in case more rain should come on Saturday.

Although we had camped near the reservation for years, we had never actually been to the reservation. Driving in, we were all a bit anxious. We did not know what to expect. We had heard that the natives didn’t hold any fond feelings for “the white man.” I suppose that we half expected to find teepees and wigwams but instead found trailer parks and bingo halls. It was a thoroughly depressing place. Squalid living conditions and poverty oozed from every pore of the place. Maybe the white man really did screw these people over. They could always leave, though, right? Make their way out in the real world? I suppose it’s not that simple and I will never truly be able to understand. In our modern age, a reservation is just a place where a tribe has sovereignty to run their own government and enforce their own laws, even if contained entirely within another state. Hence, the bingo halls and casinos, which would be taxable or outlawed in the surrounding area. Of course, the prospect of gambling was not helping out the Seneca people. Big spenders did not often flock to little towns in the middle of nowhere.

We weren’t having much luck finding anything other than what I just described when we stumbled across an old man sitting out in front of one of the bingo halls. Tanned, high-cheeked, and sharp featured, the man was obviously an Indian – an Iroquois, actually. He was also clearly drunk. If we couldn’t tell by looking at him (which we could) then it was readily apparent by smelling him from ten feet away. Of course, we had heard the old clichés about lazy Indians living off the government’s teat while they spent their days lying around drinking. That isn’t really the case, though. In fact, this guy was just an alcoholic, plain and simple. He could just as easily have been a white, black, or Asian man sitting in the doorway of an abandoned building in downtown Cleveland.

Mike rolled down his window and called out to the man. “Hey dude! Is there a hardware store or something around here?”

The old Indian looked up and tried to focus on our truck. “Huh? What are you looking for?”

“A place we can buy some supplies. We’re looking for some canvas tarps – you know, to keep the rain off.”

“Oh,” the Indian nodded, “Campers, eh? If I were you I would count my blessings and just go home.”

“Not an option, man.”

“Let me think, then.”

We parked and got out of the truck. You could almost see the gears grinding away in the guy’s head. “Nope,” he finally said, “Can’t help you. But you should really leave. Full moon tonight.”

“We’re not the superstitious type, man.”

“Not superstition,” the Indian said shaking his head vigorously. “Fact. It is very dangerous for you to be here. Onekahokwe comes, if not tonight then tomorrow for sure.”

“Oh-ne what?”

“Onekahokwe.” He sounded it out as oh-NEEK-ah HOCK-way. “The water man.” It was obvious that he was itching to tell us the legend, and we had nothing else to do, so we sat down on the sidewalk next to him and he began speaking.

“In 1796, Pennsylvania gave Seneca Warchief Cornplanter fifteen-thousand acres of land in this valley as thanks for his support as protector of American families settling in the Allegheny River valley. In what would become the oldest treaty between the Indians and the whites, General George Washington granted the land to the Seneca tribe forever.

“The white man has a funny idea of forever, though. In 1965 they built the dam. It flooded the river valley, covering our ancestral land. Our homes, our farmland, the graves of our families. All of it, hundreds of feet below water. Our tribal leaders begged the government to stop the building of the dam, but in 1960 the president of the United States broke the longest standing treaty with Native Americans that ever existing. They claimed to have relocated our burial grounds further up the hillside but we do not believe them. Many of the graves remained, including that of Chief Cornplanter himself.

“The Seneca people still consider it a vile act of desecration. The whites simply referred to the man-made lake as the Allegheny Reservoir, but to the Seneca it has always been called Lake Perfidy – as a reminder of the treachery and deceit visited upon us by the U.S. government.”

Rob raised his eyebrows. “So where does aqua-man play into all of this?”

“Dude,” I interjected, “Have some respect. Can’t you see that he’s serious?”

The old Indian raised his hands, as if in surrender. “No, no. He is right to ask. That is the only way to understand.” He turned to face Rob. “The park rangers try to keep it secret, but divers inspecting the dam encountered a terrifying creature. It was ugly, fierce, and so threatening that they will only dive in cages now. We believe that was Onekahokwe. He protects our ancestors’ remains from being despoiled even more than they already have.”

“That’s just a rumor, though, right.” I didn’t know if Rob was making a statement or asking a question.

“No. It is the truth.”

I’ll admit that the hairs on the back of my neck were raised, but I still felt relieved. “Well, even if it was it won’t be a problem for us. We don’t plan on doing any swimming.”

“Does not matter.” The old Indian shook his head. “When there is a full moon, Onekahokwe walks on land. He comes for his sacrifice and to be worshipped. It would be best if you did not meet him.”

“Walks on land, eh?” Rob slapped his knees and stood up. “Well, I think we’re done here! Thanks for the story, man. I think we’ll take our chances, though.”

We all laughed nervously and then left the Indian to go back to the bottle that he had been hiding behind his back. We never did find any tarps, but (not surprisingly) the old man was able to direct us to a duty-free liquor store where we could replenish our supply of whiskey.

While we had no trouble believing the Indian’s story about how the government reneged on their land treaty, we drew the line at the story of the fish man. Our interest having been piqued, though, we took a ride up to the dam to see if the visitor center was open, figuring that we might be able to find some brochures or some other sources of information about Kinzua’s history. We lucked out and, despite the previous night’s rain, the gate to the causeway over the dam was open and we were able to walk out to the small blockhouse at the end of the spillway. There was a park ranger there and we started to shoot the shit with him, telling him about the old Indian and his story.

The officer assured us that the divers from the Army Corp of Engineers did not use cages and had never spotted any “fish creatures.” He said that they had run into some very large catfish and muskellunge. The muskie grew up to eight feet long had some pretty wicked teeth, but they stayed away from the divers and were not enough of a danger to warrant using a diving cage. He also told us that unfortunately, what the old Indian had said about the U.S. government screwing them over was entirely true, right down to the tidbit about there still being some graves that never got relocated. The ranger excused himself for a minute and returned holding a pair of binoculars. One by one, he directed our attention to areas where we could glimpse the remains of the town of Corydon breaking the water’s surface. A church steeple, the roofline of an old building and some brush – the latter which he said were the tops of trees. If you were to take a boat over to that area, you would be able to see the trees’ entire canopies below the surface. More evidence of prior human settlement appeared during periods of drought.

An entire submerged town, sort of like Atlantis. Creepy, but certainly nothing as hair-raising as fishmen.

Having spent the morning listening to the old legend about the valley that we had camped in numerous times before, we were happy to see that the overcast sky was clearing. Perhaps we didn’t need any tarps after all. We returned to camp and spent the afternoon and early evening hiking in the mountains, making a side trip to bring some more large logs back to camp, which we set around the fire to dry out so that we could use them later that night. After dinner, we washed up our kits in a small creek and set to drinking. Once thoroughly drunk, we pulled out our guns for some target practice. Alcohol and guns – a logical combination, right? Fortunately for us, there were never any problems.

After a while, we had settled down and were sitting around the fire waxing nostalgic about previous trips and making plans for future weekends, when we heard an engine revving up nearby. We were about one hundred yards into the woods off the nearest logging road, yet we could see headlights glimmering through the thick forest. Before we had time to realize what was going on, the headlights were speeding past us. The sound of the engine was louder and we could hear the vehicle’s tires skidding on the wet sawdust road. Within seconds, its taillights winked out as it turned a corner.

Eyes wide, Rob exclaimed “Must be one of the locals heading home from the bars.”

“Yeah but… Jesus! He was moving too fast even for dry roads.”

“I’m sure that he’s an old pro,” I said. “Anyway, no skin off our noses.” And so we went back to our business of drinking and bullshitting, growing tired and lying back on our (still squishy) sleeping bags. After what was probably half an hour, we heard the sound of twigs snapping nearby, as if something was walking toward us through the forest undergrowth. Adrenaline surging, we instantly snapped out of our stupor and sat up straight. Something was out there. Looking into the woods in the direction of the sounds, we could see a glowing pair of eyes. It had to be a bear!

There were plenty of black bears in the area, and we had run across more than a few in the time we spent in that forest. One bear in your camp is one bear too many. The bears in the area only ran between ninety and one-hundred fifty pounds, but I use the word “only” very loosely. They have those big, sharp, pointy teeth and claws, you know. The old myth is to hang your food up in a tree to keep the bears away. Well… Bears are very good climbers, and it just becomes a big bear-piñata, so that never really worked. We found that tightly sealed plastic bags work better – even for garbage. Nevertheless, the bears in the area are a bit too familiar with humans and get curious sometimes. Usually making a lot of noise was enough to scare them off, so we tried that this time but the bear answered back.

“Hey! Anybody out there?”

Wary of the late night visitor, Rob already had a hand on his gun. “Yeah. Who’s asking?”

A young guy, maybe early twenties, emerged from the woods. He must have noticed the gun because his hands were raised. “I don’t want any trouble guys. I saw your campfire when I passed by.”

Still on the defensive, Rob asked, “So what? Are you Smoky the Bear?”

“No, man. I was hoping that you could help me out.”

“With what?” As the guy stepped into the light from our campfire, we could see that he was pretty banged up – forehead and left arm bleeding – and that he was limping a little.

“I, uh…” he started sheepishly, “I had a little accident. I was going a bit too fast and flipped my truck up the way.”

“Oh, so that was you!” I said.

“Yeah. It’s slippery out tonight. So, do you guys think that you could help me flip it back on its tires? It’s kinda’ sideways right now. I could probably get it back straight up with some help.”

It sounded like the guy may have been through the same thing before – either himself or with a friend. We put our heads together and talked it over in low voices, then agreed. Rob and Mike would go with him and try to help him out. Being the paranoid city-folk that we were, we decided that I should hang back at the camp. There was always a slim chance that it was a setup. This guy draws us away, and his friends sneak in and take our stuff. It was an unlikely scenario, but we felt more comfortable that way.

Rob and Mike went off into the woods with the unfortunate driver, and I settled back down next to the fire. I laid back and started to relax. Knowing that I wouldn’t be able to fall asleep until they returned, I lay there and listened to the insects and frogs chirruping. It couldn’t have been more than ten minutes before I heard the snapping of twigs again – much too soon for my friends to be back, as I had calculated from the time it took the guy to get from his truck back to us. The thought of facing a bear on my own was a little daunting, but I had done it before. I stared deep into the woods and let my eyes adjust to the darkness.

Once again, it quickly became apparent that it was not a bear coming toward me. Not even a bunch of bears. I saw multiple sets of eyes reflecting the moonlight, and heard voices. The people were speaking in what I assumed to be the Iroquois tongue. There must have been about a dozen of them. In all of our years camping out in the woods in that valley, I had never seen any of the Indians out in the forest. Now, here was a whole band of them – and I was alone. My anxiety grew in proportion to the volume of their voices.

The Indians must have seen my campfire. They passed so close that they could not have possibly missed it, yet they continued on, passing me as if I were not even there, intent on getting to their destination. Curious – or perhaps just plain stupid – I decided to follow them and see where they were going. I don’t know if I was being as stealthy as my drink-addled brain thought or if they truly did not care that I was following. I got bold and closed the distance between them and myself. That’s when I noticed that two of the Indians were half-dragging, half-leading another man who appeared to be in a stupor. Seeing that concerned me, so I dropped back further into the woods.

They group arrived at a clearing at the top of a hill. I recognized it, as there was one very tall, dead, and completely stripped birch tree smack dab in the center. We had thought about cutting it down for firewood at one time, but it was just too darn big. The two Indians who were leading the impaired man approached the tree and lashed him to it with leather thongs. Then they all stepped back and began to chant. I must have gone on for a good half an hour but I remained there, transfixed by the sight and the sound of their invocation.

Then… I shit you not… this thing came out of the woods. I can only attempt to describe it because it was like nothing that I have ever seen. It was like nothing that should possibly have existed on earth.

The creature was undoubtedly Onekahokwe. The fish man. Although it was definitely part fish, I could not have attributed any features of “man” to it other than its un-fishlike appendages. Like a fish, the transition between its head and body was almost indistinguishable. The head/face portion was bulbous and spherical, probably three feet in diameter with a mouth that extended almost all of the way across it. It had two bulging, opaque eyes and a fin running down its spine – sort of like the dorsal fin on a marlin, only bigger. It was scaly, too, and it smelled funny. Not fishy, just… funny. Unlike a fish, though, this creature had long arms that hung from just below its head to the ground. It also had two stumpy legs. All of its limbs ended in flat, webbed, paddles that appeared to have a finger-like bone structure supporting them. Each “finger” or “toe” was tipped with a sharp barb. Based on the proportion of its height to the surrounding men, I would guess that it stood at least eight feet tall.

It was obvious that the Indians had expected the monster to appear, but they still seemed startled and afraid. They quickly scattered and fled into the woods, leaving behind the poor man that they had tied to the tree. He seemed to snap out of his trance at the sight of the fish man, and opened his mouth in a silent scream.

The last clear memory I have of Onekahokwe was when it looked directly at me. Our eyes met and it was as if it peered into my soul. I don’t think that it was at all concerned with my presence but I was not about to hang around to find out. I took off blindly into the woods, slamming my shoulders into trees in the darkness. I had the bruises to prove it the next morning, but at the time I did not care. From behind me came a combination of blood-curdling sounds. One was a human scream, letting me know that the man – a sacrifice, obviously – had found his voice. The other, much louder sound, was like nothing I had ever heard before. I had a feeling that if fish made sounds, it would sound very similar.

In my terror, I got lost in the dark and eventually had to work my way back to a logging road that I could follow back to our campsite. Apparently, I had beaten Rob and Mike back. They must have had quite a bit of trouble getting that guy’s truck set upright. At least I hoped that was why they hadn’t returned yet. I finished off the dregs of the bottle of Echo Springs and then dug into Rob’s backpack looking for more. I was happy to find that he had brought along a bottle of Jack Daniel’s – the good stuff – probably for an “end of summer” or “beginning of fall” celebration. We didn’t need many excuses for celebrations. I felt bad for opening it without the others there, but I needed another drink. That drink ended up being half the bottle.

I wondered what I would tell the guys. They would think that I was crazy or making the whole thing up. The decision had to wait until morning, though, as I had passed out before they returned. I was too hung over and befuddled to say anything the next morning, and I realized that the more time that passed, the more my credibility would suffer.

In the end, I never did end up telling Rob and Mike anything about what had happened. In fact, after a while I even began to doubt myself. Maybe it was all just a bad dream inspired by the old Indian’s story and fueled by the whiskey and too many baked beans. These days, I like to tell myself that it was. Nevertheless, that was my last trip to Kinzua.


On certain quiet nights under the watchful gaze of a full moon, one could hear surreptitious moans, half manlike and half swine, in the dead air of Barangay Kampigan in the hill regions of Buena Vista near the border to Inabanga, both townships in the province of Bohol. It is an ancestral place to me and my kin, whose virgin soil lay barely touched by the ravenous kiss of progress. Much lay unknown about the dense woodlands of Bohol, and lesser still in the snake ridden and cave lined hills of Kampigan. What secrets her intertwined limestone caves, and dense canopies of palm trees, and brooding mango overheads, none could tell. For farmers never stray past the hours of darkness, when the moon hangs high above the night sky and the evening cold stings the skin. And little merriment can be found, even from the drunken squalor.

Though all was not such in conservative Kampigan, for no more than 5 years ago, before the great earthquake of 2013, it was a bustling port for the Thursday markets, when the hill folks come down to trade their wares. Now, buses scarcely come at all, save for weekends when young folk would return from the cities; and the Thursday markets opens in neighboring Bugtong. What happened as conveyed to me by the squalid denizens of Kampigan, in their thatch roofed nipa huts, was that during those first few weeks after October, when the mighty earthquake struck, strange things began to happen. The first of which was the arrival of an innumerable host of snakes, who sprang forth from the limestone caves and meter long fault lines left by the earthquake’s wake. The woodlands had become so terribly choked with serpents that one could barely tread the makeshift roads without risking a venomous bite.

The next to come was the beginning of the alien vocal choirs of strange “toads” never heard before, or at the very least the majority of them thought they were toads. It began on a November night, when the cold winds started blowing, when the first of the alien toads sang their cacophonous melody. The strangeness lie in the auditory character of how these “toads” sounded and still sound, for it is a horrendous amalgamation between the squealing of pigs, and screaming of man. Of these toads, no physical evidence seemed to have presented itself. But wild claims from the country folk speak of a nightmarish origin of these sounds. One of which was Manong Ruben, a hillside decadent who bespoke of a primitive age; he used to climb the hills and search caves at night to hunt for python meat.

The story conveyed to me was far beyond believable, yet the evidence and connection between events were less disputable. For after a fortnight when the strange sounds began, mysterious disappearances also started taking place. At first, it was chickens and cats that failed to return to their respective homes, then dogs too started disappearing. No sooner did their goats and cattle disappear like the rest. No trace was ever left of the missing animals, and all cases happened when a cave was nearby.
After a month of silent terror, the first human disappearance took place.

It was on a dying day, just before twilight, Manang Suseng had her son pick up wood for fire in the backyard thicket. Not far from that wood, it should be noted, was a limestone cave, roughly one and a half meters in diameter situated on a small hill rise located near a fault line. Manang Suseng, as she claimed, waited for her son to return, but late evening came and she grew restless, and finally informed the neighbors of his disappearance. The men formed a search party with local deputies in the dead of night, carrying their electric torches and cutlasses, but found no trace of the missing child. At first authorities blamed the sudden surge of serpents for the disappearance of the boy, perhaps an overgrown python had found him easy prey. So for weeks, they overturned stones, searched the mouths of caves, beat down bushes and climbed up trees, in vain search for the giant snake and its child victim. While all this happened, more cattle disappearances raised a certain degree of alarm within the farmer folk.

Two months on, and an aftershock shook the hillside town at 2am. In the morning, they discovered a new limestone cave had formed near the local stone quarry, and at the same time 8 more cattle disappearances were reported. After the discovery of the cave, every night since, the strange sounds grew stronger and louder.

The terror came to a seemingly abrupt end by January, with no more reported farmstead disappearances, and a noted “dying down” of the hideous sounds. The denizens were all too eager to forget the nightly terrors, but Manang Suseng had to be moved back to her family home in Tubigon. Crop yields were normal that summer, and no other abnormalities save for the ever increasing presence of snakes was noted.

But by June of the next year, the horror returned with a sudden start, and reached its zenith; when a group of twelve quarry workers disappeared after an overtime shift that saw itself well into the dead of night. No trace of them remained except that the barren lime road was trampled and squashed into mud, as if trodden on by a stampede of cows, though no cloven hoof ever suggested itself on the soft soil. All the while, every denizen in Kambigan swore that the terrible baying and croaking of the unseen things sounded the loudest on the night the men disappeared.

By this time, devilry was suspected, and the old Mangkukulam (witch doctor) was brought into question. He suspected the works of fairies, and other such fantastical nightmares that plague Filipino mythology, while the desperate and frightened farmer folk were quick to point fingers at whatever their wild imaginations saw fit to blame. Others agreed with the Mangkukulam, while others like Old Manong Donyo blamed it on the snakes. Manang Rencia, on the other hand, who grew up from older Inabanga, saw fit to connect the events to the archaic story of the giant catfish under the old Saint Paul’s Parish Church in her old hometown, which the earthquake had brought ruin to; undoubtedly the underground limestone cave which connected to the Inabanga river had been affected in more ways than one. Indeed Manang Rencia’s stories convinced some of the older folk, what with the strange noises about that they could compare to the low growl of a catfish. But Kambigan is far high uphill, and questions of catfish inland were immediately ridiculed by the more educated neighbors.

However, none could place exactly what is making those nocturne sounds and what is causing the disappearances. By then, Manong Ruben arrived from neighboring Bugtong, who likewise felt the tremors of last year’s October. He had apparently heard from local news that Kambigan was experiencing a sort of boom in its ophidian population, and resolved himself to visit to quench his hunger for pythons. The serpent, being a sort of local delicacy, was found to be very abundant in the region.

Needless to say, Manong Ruben had little difficulty in finding his catch, and on the first day caught a bounty, enough to feed him and his neighbors for weeks. Since Kambigan was but half an hour’s trip on motorcycle from Bugtong, Manong Ruben found himself on daily trips to and from the haunted region. After a time, he had made friends with the farmers, who were plagued still by the disappearances of their animals. He has heard of the queer stories of the nightly songs of unimaginable horrors, and the complete disappearances of thirteen people, one of which was a child. He himself had not heard the baying and the moaning of the man-like swine squealing, since he had never tried to stay later after twilight.

Then, by September, a considerably strong earthquake, though of less magnitude than the one from last year, rocked both Inabanga and Buena Vista. The Earthquake found Manong Ruben homeless, reducing his concrete bungalow to rubble. He was, at the time, hunting for python in Kambigan when the earth began to rumble. He hurried home, and found his lodgings in a desolate manner, neighbors were in no better shape. Without a family to go to, Manong Ruben resolved to live with a months-old friend from Kambigan, who relished his company. This way, he needn’t drive up half an hour uphill everyday to find his catch, and the folks of Kambigan were the kind who’d enjoy queer local meals.

It was on the third week when Manong Ruben resolved to hunt for the suspected giant serpent, after a second child disappeared into the woods. The child was from a family who hailed from urban Tagbilaran, apparently visiting relatives. She had been playing near the woods, close to one of Kambigan’s many limestone caves at sunset.

After an unrewarding search for the missing child and the vindicated culprit, all efforts were dropped. The local deputies were all too quick to call it the work of an oversized snake, though none was ever found.

Ruben himself believed the serpent theory, and resolved to find the culprit. He deduced, from his years of experience as a snake trapper, that he could find it when it was most active. And from the local’s tales of disappearances near the caves, he had come up with an idea of where the thing lurked.

So, on a humid evening, he set out with an electric torch, his cutlass, and a revolver and dived deep into the caverns that riddled across Kambigan. Manong Ruben, at this point, was obscure in telling his story; he claimed that the next few hours of walking in pitch black, aided by the torchlight and bridled with courageous zeal, was like a lucid dream. As the night waned on, he realized that the sound came from no devil toad of the outside, but originated deep in the belly of the caves. As he trudged onward, the baying grew louder, and louder. It must have been hours that he walked on, for his torch started to grow dim, when at last he had reached the point where the sound had seemed to have come from. By now, his conveyance of the story was choppy, and unclear. At first, he said, he could see nothing, for his torch had become so dim that he could only see what was directly in front of him. Then as he stared into the distance much longer, and his eyes started to adjust to the meager light his torch flashed, he screamed.

What he saw in that cave, he could only describe, was a blasphemous horde of flesh and teeth. They were loping, mole-like maggot gorillas, with pink leather skin and a mouth of sharpened teeth. They had no face, their heads mounting a singular mouth which drooled and gasped. They walked on fours, and sometimes on twos, and gnawed and bit at each other. It was an orgy of unbridled cannibalism, of organic corruption and the twisted evil side of evolution. They bayed and growled, croaked and moaned, and squealed like a pig-man, or a man-pig; but they were neither man nor pig. Their blubberous masses, much like walruses choked the tunnels, and their unwholesome sour stench filled his lungs. From that point he ran. And as he ran, nightmarish legions of dread demons and devil toads, stories of child eating snakes and malignant fairies clawed at his sanity. He remembered little of the run, of his mad dash back into the embrace of the upper world, his incoherent babbling to the wakened farmer folk, his hysterical laughing into the night, pointing at the distant cave, and finally the merciful stamping of his consciousness. By morning, he awoke, and demanded to the farmers an empirical need to blast the caves to kingdom come. The farmers were convinced, and dynamite all the discovered caverns. The blasting of underground networks apparently shook the earth again, for in Kambigan and Bugtong were felt an equally strong earthquake as the one of October, 2013. This quake was registered as a minor one everywhere else in Bohol.

The disappearances stopped there and then. Poor Manong Ruben, who was the sole witness of the true horror, had his mind blasted and to this day still has dread nightmares of the teeth and pink flesh. He never left Kambigan since, for he swears one or two caves must have been missed; for on certain quiet nights, under the watchful gaze of a full moon, one could hear surreptitious moans, half manlike and half swine, in the dead air of Barangay Kambigan.


Doctor Smith has requested that I tell my story as part of my rehabilitation. I couldn’t find myself able to speak it, so, he had me write it down instead. I have chosen this diary form as it is able to most easily draw out my memories without breaking me down into a nervous mess. I’ve decided to record the events in such a manner as to mark out the dates in a journal manner, but it must be noted that although dates will be within fair accuracy they will not be perfect and I of course cannot remember many details. However, such is the impact of the events that I can vividly recall almost the entirety. It should also be stated that though I am now relieved of duty, at the time I was serving in the United States Army with the 24th Mountain Brigade at Fort Worthington. Worthington was located in the southern regions of the Rocky Mountains.

September 30th, 1848 to October 12th, 1848-

It was only around a month after I completed my training I arrived at Fort Worthington. The cold had started to set in but it wasn’t quite so bad. I was but a private, but due to my impressive leadership abilities and competence Commanding Officer Syvern promoted me to sergeant. The ensuing days were rather boring. Miners and travelers stopped by occasionally. Once a local militia came to report a disturbance by a criminal in a nearby settlement, but the matter had already been settled by vigilante hunters by the time we got on it. Most of the days were filled with lounging about the camp, either chopping firewood, acting as sentries on the walls or in the guard posts, feeding the animals, and other trivial tasks associated with keeping a fort up and running. Officer Syvern and I quickly became close, and I also made acquaintance with Private Stryker and Private Anahiem. Stryker was a very hotheaded man, and a soldier through and through. He spent most of his time either target practicing or doing bodyweight exercises. Anahiem was the closest thing we had to a medic, and was big on his faith. Although I was friendly with most of the other soldiers in the camp, these three men constituted what you could call my true companions. The men gathered for a warm supper every night, as breakfast was a light affair and smaller meals were few and far between. This was the highlight in the dreary day as we would tell tales of adventure and danger. But, other than that, fort life was incredibly uninteresting.

October 13th, 1848-

About an hour or so past midnight, as the moon cast its pale light down, I was aroused for my turn as a sentry over the west gate. I should explain that the fort lay in a semi-wide valley, with rocky spires and hills covering either side and a large road heading into the mountains and cutting through the fort out into the east. After a little while of watching over the gate in the cold, rifle in hand, an urgent party surged towards the fort yelling for assistance. A single wagon was being hastily pulled with them, and many of the men carried with them muskets. The wagon was riddled with arrows, and as it came into the light of our torches I could see many wounded or dead loaded on it. I yelled to the guards below to open the gates, and glanced to see if any Indians were pursuing. Although they had been pushed back, tribes such as the Utes were still prominent in the area and attacks were no surprise.

Within a short while, Officer Syvern was out speaking with the leader of the group and coordinating troops, and Anahiem was woken to tend to the wounded. Initially all sentries were told to stay at their posts and watch for attacks, but Private Stryker soon came to tell me I was to lead a platoon up the overlook on the left while another sergeant led a platoon to the one on the right. Most of the soldiers now were dressed in combat uniforms and armed, taking positions in the towers and the wall. I was relieved from the wall by another soldier and rallied my platoon. Marching in a column alongside the other platoon, we eventually split and followed paths that could get us to the top of the hills.

Clambering over rocks and brush, I must admit that I was incredibly nervous. At any moment, an arrow could come flying out of the darkness. I had slung my rifle and drew my pistol, a simple yet efficient muzzle-loader. As the we crested the hill, my fears were confirmed as spears and arrows rained down from behind rocks and trees. I ordered my men to take cover, and we fired back with precision shots. Private Stryker then stormed one of the boulders, discharging his rifle point-blank into one Indian and stabbing two more with his makeshift bayonet. Within moments the entire platoon was charging, dislodging the native warriors and pushing them back. When we reached the edge of the overlook, I personally shot the last as he fell against the rocks, his head hanging over the valley. I ordered that a few of the bodies be brought down for inspection, and we returned to the fort. The other platoon had completed its mission and not found any hostiles.

Inside one of the buildings, Officer Syvern and I examined the bodies. “The settlers told me they were attacked by a large force of Indians that harried them all the way here. They’d been established just a few days trip up the road here; I remember them passing through just a few months ago. They were dislodged and the men forced into a fighting retreat as the women and children carried as much supplies as they could. Looks like most of the party didn’t make it, and if we had been any further I doubt the survivors would’ve either. Some of the things they told me, I’ll never erase,” Syvern explained. “These Indians- I’ve never seen anything like ‘em,” he continued. I’d never seen a non-domesticated native before then, so I didn’t really have anything to benchmark them against. “The excessive use of raw hides, the odd trinkets, the adoration of skulls and bones all over. Certainly Indians can be a barbaric lot but never have I seen them dress so savagely. Well, get some rest. I’ll have these buried and the group sent out back towards the plains in the morning. But midday two days from now, we are going on the offensive. You are dismissed,” he said. He was obviously perturbed by their appearance. Without word, I went to my cot in the barracks and dozed off.

October 14th-16th, 1848-

I woke up around late morning. The survivors had been sent off, although Anahiem had said that some of them were very distraught and probably shouldn’t be left unattended. Stryker said he was going to ‘make them pay with their lives’ and angrily stabbed a wooden post. In fact, the entire camp was filled with irritation, riled by the tales of the Indians hunting down the settlers and killing men, women, and children who were on a desperate escape path. I must say that I was mad myself, and although up on the ridge had been the first time I had taken a man’s life, I felt relatively justified in it for the gruesome descriptions I’d heard. No doubt some had been exaggerated, but the ways they stalked and mutilated the fleeing civilians… how could one not be justified in retaliation?

Most of that day was spent in preparation. Filling supply packs, gearing up the animals, gathering arms and munitions. Drilling formations, target practice. That night we had what could almost be called a feast. The next morning, we made our last preparations. A small garrison of around fifteen men were left to keep the fort running, whilst everyone else was to attack. Syvern addressed us, “Men. We are smarter, better equipped, better trained, than these sadistic savages. These primal manbeasts dare tie helpless boys to trees to die in the cold, skin men alive, and feast on the flesh of women? While I am not sure how true these accounts may be, the fact of the matter is they murdered a huge number of settlers and performed at least some kind of tortures and mutilations. Likely, you will see things you would never hope to see. I hope you are prepared to witness the scarred and bloodied bodies of your fellow kinsmen, some probably picked to the bone. Steel yourself, but know that when we reach their ragged excuse for a settlement we will set it ablaze with brimstone on a magnitude not seen before!” His speech was met with shouts. “Alright. I want Sergeant John Keyes leading a platoon in the front and Sergeant Alferno Hacksaw leading a platoon in the rear. Everyone else, on me around the baggage train.”

We began the trek up through the mountains, and it wasn’t but an hour’s journey where we happened upon a small battle site, where arrows and musket rounds had pocked the rocks and trees around. There were a few dead natives and one dead man, who appeared to be scalped. “Bastards,” Stryker whispered under his breath. Being at the head of the column, I knew that any of the horrors we’d come upon I’d be the first to see.

The next few days were ominously peaceful. Occasionally, we’d happen upon the site of a skirmish. The deeper we got into the mountains, the more scarce the bodies were. I had a feeling that the corpses were taken by them, and that the closer battles were easier pickings for them. I didn’t want to think of what they were going to do with the bodies. At night, we’d set up camp and leave a large force of sentries on duty. Sometimes during the day we’d stop and sent scouting or foraging parties, but mostly we were on the march.

The terrain switched between pine forests, rocky scrublands, and valley fields, but a persistent cold stayed through it all. I could feel the chill in my fingertips through my leather gloves, and the wind beat down upon us like whip cracks. This weather, combined with the morbid nature of our expedition, filled me with dread and depression.

October 17th-24th, 1848-

Finally we reached the abandoned settlement. As we neared, some of the men began to curse and murmur. I was shocked. Most of the buildings were heavily damaged, and many of them were badly burned or collapsed. Dried, crusty blood stained the wooden buildings and trash lay strewn about. There was, however, a stark lack of corpses to accompany the carnage.

“Sergeant Keyes, take a detachment of men through the town center. Prepare for an ambush. I’m going to set up camp over on this bank,” Syvern said to me. I glanced over at the winding river, that gushed over rocks in a somewhat beautiful show as tiny waterfalls and little bends produced a calming effect. The collapsed waterwheel in it contrasted harshly with its natural beauty. There was a large, flat area right next to it that was ideal for a camp. On the opposite side, a towering dirt wall led up into a dark timberland.

I took my platoon down the main path, glancing in every broken window and ajar door. Rusty nails stuck through the coarse wood, and poorly carved signs hung precariously over the derelict buildings. A cart on its side lay in front of what I took to be a town hall, which had huge holes seemingly punched into it. Many sections of the roof had given way, and the chimney looked prime to slide right off. My men surrounded the building. “Present arms!” I yelled, and they lowered their rifles. I ordered a few troopers to watch our backs and slowly approached the building, raising my pistol. I peaked inside, expecting a tribal warrior to glare back at me. But nothing was in there. “Alfred, Thompson, on me. We’re going in.”

The thrashed room inside reeked of death and desolation. A hung bearskin was peeling off the wall, and books littered the floor. Broken chairs and tables filled the largely empty space. Walking upstairs, I entered what I thought to be some sort of mayor’s office. There, on a desk punctured with arrows, I found a log of events written by a former town official. I swiped it when my troops weren’t looking. I didn’t, and still don’t, know why, but I felt an urge to hide this manuscript.

I returned to the camp and told Syvern about everything except for the log. He told me to get some rest, and I went to my private tent. There, in the lamplight, I pored over the decaying book.

A great portion of it was useless, trivial events; “Mrs. Marmeson fell today while fetching water from the river and hurt her head. Doctor Overland is currently taking care of her.” However, towards the end, a distinct shift occurred. It started with an entry on September 13th of 1848. “Mr. Willis came to the mayor today to report that some of his sheep have been captured by natives. He shot at them as they escaped across a shallow section of the river.”

As I read, the attacks became fiercer and the writer’s demeanor and handwriting became more panicked. The Indians seemed intent on kidnapping animals and people, and would take any dead from skirmishes. They even raided the cemetery once. By the end, they’d captured nearly half of the town’s population. Somehow, they would manage to cause structural damage including destroying walls and rooftops; the means by which they did this befuddled the settlers. Other odd things started happening, like random illnesses and the deaths of plants. Weird carvings started appearing on some of the trees, and out of superstition the settlers cut them down. Once, a child threw up some matted hair and twigs and did not know how it entered his body. A talon was found lodged in a cabin and bite marks appeared on a carving of an elk made by a town artisan earlier. These strange occurrences perturbed me; something was off. The town militia eventually decided to launch an attack of their own. Crossing the river, apparently the assault went horribly wrong and they were decimated at an area called ‘Wahini’, named by a native from another tribe that warned the militia before they left. The survivors were in a state of shock, babbling about a horrible scene of cannibalism, and the wagons were prepared for a retreat. Some were even stated to mumble about a huge man that attacked them. They were going to be left in a gamble to slow down the attacking natives, without their knowledge. The official writes off as they are about to leave the settlement and hope to escape before the next attack.

I shut the tome and hid it in my pack. The night was sleepless and the next morning was spent scavenging for extra supplies and patrolling the nearby areas. Apprehension seemed to choke the spirit out of the 24th. At dusk, I again retreated to my quarters to read the events once more. I hadn’t even reached the first settler death when Anahiem entered my tent. Surprised, I shut the log and threw it down. “Didn’t mean to startle you, just wanted to ask if you wanted some warm food,” he said. “No, thank you,” I replied. “Well, it’s just my duty. I’ve noticed since you went into town you’ve been on edge. Perhaps I can ease your stress?” He asked. I could see his cross dangling downward, reflecting the flame from my lamp. “I can sense something is very off here. I have an eye for the devil’s work, and the traditions of Indians, their primal rituals and obsession with skulls and skins, that is witchcraft. This place reeks of it. Maybe it’s getting to you?” He pressed, glancing at the book. “Yes, I am somewhat disturbed by the nature of things. Once it is over I think I’ll recover. I should rest, but thank you for coming.” Spurned, he reluctantly left.

October 25th-26th, 1848

The morning after, we gathered up our supplies and went on the march. Scouts had found evidence of large movements through the brush on the hill, and had determined the natives had attacked from across the river. Crossing a shallow ford, we ascended the slope into the thick pines. The roots, gnarled and large, curled over the landscape like a Kraken. Syvern approached me as we crested a hill. “Anahiem told me you were reading some odd book and seemed very distressed. I don’t want my most level-headed soldier dabbling into whatever you are. He thinks its something dark, but he’s a tad too spiritual. But I agree that whatever you are looking at isn’t healthy. Where’d you find it?” he inquired. “In the town hall,” I replied. “Don’t read it again,” he ordered. “If there was anything we needed to know from it, I’m sure you would’ve told me. But I am willing to be spared of whatever morbid details lie inside.”

Around midday, we stumbled upon the first… decorations. The images I saw are forever burned into my mind like a branding. Half-decayed corpses hung from branches, and charred bodies were tied to trunks. Skulls decorated the woods like ornaments, and rotten heads were impaled on stakes seemingly watching us. The dead bodies of children, bound to bushes, dotted the disturbing scene and some of the strung-up cadavers were thoroughly skinned, leaving nothing but degrading muscle and sinew. Syvern muttered that the settlers didn’t exaggerate. A few of the men threw up, and many turned away from the scene. We were shocked. The longer you looked, the more details you saw. The bodies had bite marks in them that punctured deep. In the center of the clearing, a shrine of sorts made of tied sinew, ribcages, and skulls sat over an extinguished fire. The symbols that the official had described were carved all over, on rocks and trees.

Nobody spoke for a little while, until Stryker broke the silence. “These goddamned bastards… I swear to God right now that I’m going to shoot every single damn one of these inbred degenerates!” Tears were in his eyes, and his expression could only be described as utter hatred. Anahiem had dropped to his knees and ways praying vigorously. A couple of the troops were crying in disgust and sadness. Others through down their packs and yelled, while others remained solemn. I looked down, shaking my head. A gnawing angst in my stomach threatened to burst from my throat, and the feelings of dread I had reading the log were now amplified. The stench of death forced its way into my nose, penetrating my skull. But nobody was alert, except for Syvern, whom I glanced at; perhaps I thought he would have some insight or consolation, my steadiest friend in this primordial wilderness. He did not look disturbed or angered, but focused. When he raised his pistol, slowly yet deliberately, silence fell as a wave. As men stopped stammering and cursing, others looked up to see what had changed. Then it dawned on me and everyone else. While the scene was quite gruesome and infuriating, its perpetrators were still out here. Not only that, but they could be anywhere, waiting to do the same to us.

Panic fell on the brigade as the feelings of isolation and primal fear gripped us. The woods, peaceful outside the immediate carnage, twisted into a horrifying mirage of inescapability. I felt alone and most of all vulnerable, like a hunted animal being stalked by an unseen but felt predator. The forest was a cage, the boughs the bars and the pine needles the roof. I pulled out my rifle, pointing it aimlessly into the foliage Men ducked behind trees and rocks, holding their weapons outward.

“Goddamnit, that’s enough! I told you what to expect and if you don’t start acting like soldiers of the U.S. Army then we’re going to be hanging from the trees too! Get in formation, I went Keyes leading the front and Hacksaw in the rear again. I want sentries posted around the column as well. We are going to march until we find their godforsaken camp and burn it to the ground!” Syvern’s voice boomed through the clearing and we hastily arranged ourselves. Although he sounded confident, I could tell that he scared as well and felt the best way to control it was through taking the reins. We once again were on the march, this time with far more apprehension.

Night fell and we set up camp, though we posted far more sentries this time around; I doubt anyone got any sleep, for I sure didn’t. The next morning, we were halted. The pack animals refused to go further, and nobody would dare scout ahead. Syvern, rocked by a migraine, didn’t have the energy to force a scouting party to depart. Although he was adamant to continue the march, he reckoned that first heavy snowfall wouldn’t be for a while yet and supplies were lasting.

October 27th-November 3rd (???), 1848

Eventually we decided to leave the pack animals and risk going ahead without reconnaissance, and Syvern felt better so there was no excuse to linger though many of us wanted to go home. We marched, for hours, in relative silence. Occasionally Anahiem would mutter a prayer, but for the most part nobody spoke. We stopped a few times but mostly were on the move.

As the haze of evening fell, we reached a crest, just high enough to cover you if you crouched. There were a few torches and a fire, so we knew we had reached our destination. The anticipation was crushing me. About half of us took position behind the crest, the other half back further to reinforce if need be. Anahiem, praying softly, was about five feet behind me, and Stryker was on my left. Syvern was down about six men to the right. I glared at the clearing ahead, were more bones lay. The fire pit was in the middle, and behind it was a cave. The entrance opened like a portal to the abyss, a tunnel to Hell itself. The only thing missing were Indians. I knew we wouldn’t have the courage to actually follow the scraps of flesh and femurs into it, so we were going to wait them out. But what if they were out, hunting or otherwise?

Like clockwork, three shamans atop the cave rose. What I had thought to be a few of the torches on trunks above it were in fact the savages. They began making wild cries and moaning ominously, as drummers began to play from somewhere behind them. Warriors sprung from the mouth of the cave almost too fast for us to react. Our muskets knocked them flat to their backs, but too many of us fired at too few targets and suddenly most of the line was reloading. I personally shot at the shamans, killing one. The other two were unfazed, and kept their wild war dance continuing. Syvern yelled to aim for the warriors as the second wave approached. Many of them had bows or throwing spears and pelted our positions. Those that avoided our guns leapt at us with axes and knives.

The battle was bloody and we soon lost our discipline. In many sections it devolved into a desperate melee. One of the warriors jumped at me, spear risen. I swung my rifle butt as hard as I could, catching him in the ribs. He rolled over and before he could spring to his feet I slammed it down on his skull. No sooner did an arrow strike my back diagonally; while the angle and thickness of my garments saved me from significant injury, the searing pain startled me and I fell. Rolling down the slope, I ducked behind a tree. My shaky hands attempted to reload as fast as possible. The thump of shots from muskets and yelps of men on both sides fueled the chaos. However, I took a glance and we appeared to be getting the best of them. Most of the archers were wounded, and the warriors had been pushed back. I felt a boost in confidence; a few more volleys should break them and then we could pursue our fleeing prey into the maw of the cave. Turning back to finish reloading, I peered back down the slope. Eyes stared back at me. Dozens of crouched warriors, bearing brutal weapons, wearing pelts and skulls and horns and all sorts of crazy colored dressings made of animal skins and dyed cloth surrounded our rear.

“It’s an ambush!” I yelled, but it was too late. Like stepping bear trap, we had triggered their perfect plan and were suddenly beset on both sides. The rear line turned to fight, but their panicked and inaccurate shots couldn’t hold back the wave. I missed my own mark with my rifle, and out of desperation drew my pistol. Shooting one, I pistol-whipped another. I ran back towards the crest, attempting to make a reload with my easier-to-load pistol. My fellow troops were locked in hand-to-hand with the savages, a wall of blue coats and wool hats against a sea of brown and red garments. I surveyed the carnage in a quick second, and I saw Syvern, his throat slashed open, gasping on his knees and gripping his neck, blood pouring from the wound.

I had no time to mourn as what happened next is truly terrifying. The surviving shamans cried a guttural yell so inhuman it split my ears. The war drums stopped and the natives suddenly retreated into the woods. The few remaining troops shot at them as they ran, catching a few. But largely, they escaped. Stryker lifted his pistol to shoot at the shamans, but suddenly the fire reignited by itself and out of the cave crawled a hulking beast. It was long and sinewy, and appeared somewhat human but horribly unproportional. As it came out into the clearing, it rose to its hooves; huge, ugly hooves. It was an unnatural pale, and had warpaint across its chest. It must’ve been at least eight feet tall, and its arms draped to its knees. Huge talons burst from its stretched fingers. The head of the creature was extended down into a snout of sorts, and crooked antlers sprouted from its cranium. Huge wings slowly unfolded from its back and without warning it lunged.

None of us were prepared and the few shots made missed. It slammed into the front ranks, sending bodies flying. It began tearing and biting and clawing, throwing entrails and organs as it feasted. Strikes with bayonets and musket butts proved useless. It stepped on the head of a soldier I recognized as Anahiem who screamed in agony as his skull caved in. Most of the troops now began fleeing, but the natives struck down any who tried to escape. The beast grabbed Stryker by the collar and bit into his lower jaw, tearing his face open.

The insidious monster turned to look at me, red splatterings covering its face and chest. I was frozen with fear, but before it could spring I remembered my pistol and I aimed and pulled the trigger. The shot caught the feature in its right eye, and it shrieked as it fell. It rolled over to its stomach, and its taloned hand covered its wound. But its left eye stared at me with pure contempt and hatred.. Somehow, when I made eye contact, I think it literally tainted my vision as now my peripheral is cracked and fuzzy. My instincts kicked in and I ran. Avoiding arrows and natives, I made away with blinding speed. They cried out as I had wounded their creature and chased me down through the thicket. Eventually, I made away and lost them.

It took me a very long time to get back to the settlement. I was constantly watching my back, expecting a party of savages to ambush me at every turn. Any noise set me off. I found the pack animals, gutted, and the supplies ransacked. My own rations were running thin and I was fatigued. I felt like I was insane. I couldn’t think straight. The only thing I could do was just head to the fort. I kept repeating, “Make it to the fort.” One foot after another. I couldn’t and wouldn’t think of anything else. I didn’t load my pistol or even think to. After many days and nights, filled with the pain of frostbite and hunger, I reached the fort.

November 3rd (???)-January 15th, 1848-1849

Reportedly, I had passed out at the gates of the fort and I was hurried inside. I was unresponsive for nearly four days before I awoke the first time. I had horrible terrors, and apparently had struck those who attended me and screamed incessantly. Obviously the garrison became very spooked and the soldier in command had the fort abandoned, taking me and the rest of the troops towards the city. I refused to tell anyone what happened except that they killed everybody and that nobody should ever return.

The following weeks are a blur, and I ended up honorably discharged from the Army and was enrolled into a mental institution where I currently am.

It is here, at the Osawatomie Asylum in Kanas that Doctor Smith has been treating me. I am told to be suffering from the trauma of the massacre, and I think he believes that the creature is some sort of manifestation in my distorted memory. As I can barely speak about it, perhaps this will convince him some. The only thing he hasn’t been able to explain, is why I keep throwing up matted hair and twigs.

(Author’s Note: Any reference to Native Americans as “Indians” is used from the character’s perspective and only to provide authenticity to the story, and does not wish to offend or improperly describe any Natives or anybody else)


By

“Hello my old friend,” Griffin said aloud as he stared out the window at the dark spot.  It had been at least two decades since he had seen the shadow-man.  A moment later, Julie came into the bedroom and stood next to Griffin at the large bay-window.

“Holy crap,” she exclaimed, “Is that him?  Is that the shadow-man?”  Griffin simply nodded next to her.  “Baby, I’m just utterly amazed.  I can’t believe you grew up with that creepy-ass thing outside your window.  We gotta put this on Facebook.”  She left the room for a moment and Griffin sighed.  Was he really about to live in this room again?  Julie returned a moment later, cell phone in hand, camera at the ready.

“Open the window for me, babe.  I want to get a good shot of that thing.”  Griffin complied with his wife’s request, rotating the small metal handle at the base of the window.  Julie leaned out as far as she could without making it dangerous and proceeded to take several pictures of the dark spot, both with and without the flash.  A few minutes later, she was sitting on Griffin’s childhood bed and scrolling through the shots, cursing excessively as she did.  There was no doubt that Griffin loved her to pieces but she did have the mouth of a sailor from time to time.

“You can’t see him in any of these shots!  This is horrible.  How much did we pay for these damn phones again?”  Griffin put his hand on her shoulder and tried to console her.

“Sorry sweetheart, it just doesn’t show up in pictures.  Believe me, I’ve tried.”

“Hmmph,” she responded, “Screw that.  We’re digging the expensive camera out of its box tomorrow and I’m getting a picture of that thing.  I think it’s in one of the ones in the study; where we put all the electronics.”  Practically their entire existence was packed away in a box somewhere in that old house.

They were in the process of moving into Griffin’s childhood home.  He had spent the first seventeen years of his life in the very room they would be sleeping in that night.  It was a beautiful, Victorian-era home; the kind that just weren’t made anymore.  It had four bedrooms but his parents had converted one into an office and one into a sewing room for his mother so there were really only two choices of where to sleep and it just didn’t feel right sleeping in his parent’s old bedroom; probably never would.

His father, who made a substantial living as a heart surgeon, could do nothing for his own health, however, and died a year before from lung cancer.  His mother passed on six months after that, most likely from a broken heart.  Griffin gave some consideration to selling the property but Julie was having none of it.  “You would hate yourself if you let anyone else move in here,” she had said, and she was right.  Discovering that Julie was pregnant two months ago, was the main reason opted out of their loft in the city for the slower life of rural living.

The “yard”, if you could call it that, was nearly four acres in all, but the highlight of the entire property was the enormous Oak tree that sat directly behind the house.  The house had been there for nearly a century and the tree much, much longer than that.  One couldn’t tell how exactly how old it was without cutting it down and counting the rings but Griffin imagined five or six hundred years wasn’t out of the realm of possibility.  That’s where the shadow-man lived.

There was a bare patch facing Griffin’s bedroom window; a bare-patch which, at night, became the dark spot.  When one looked out that window at that angle the shadows of the dark spot came together to create a perfect, humanoid silhouette crouching on a branch.   It only happened after dark, but there was something about the combination of the back porch lights and the light from the work-shed that filtered through the leaves creating the perfectly disturbing image.

There were even two dots of light where eyes should be and a small line that could easily represented an uneven smile.  Griffin was around six when he first noticed the spooky image and, although he knew full well it was just a trick of the light and shadow even at that age, his young, fertile imagination took ahold of it and ran.  The non-existent details of the shadow-man were filled in at night by a young Griffin’s dreams.

With thick, leathery skin that looked like oil poured into a human mold, it had no nose or ears; only eyes and large lip-splitting grin defined by sharply-pointed, pearlescent teeth.  It would slink into his window at night to terrorize in a variety of ways from crouching on a young Griffin’s chest and watching him struggle to breath as he slept, to crawling up the walls and ceiling where it would hiss at the terrified child though its barbed teeth.

These were, of course, only nightmares but the effect they had on his psyche growing up was significant.  To say his formative years were troubling would have been an understatement.   Once he reached high-school, however, Griffin had matured enough to realize the paranoia was of his own doing and the majority of his dreams became about girls, but the shadow-man never left him completely, popping by once every couple of weeks just to say ‘hi’.

He remembered standing in that same spot his last night in the house before he left for Johns Hopkins Medical School.  He remembered looking at the shadow-man for what he thought was going to be the last time and thinking, I will never see you again and I will not miss you.  He was half right at least.

“I guess I was wrong about that one,” he muttered to himself.

“Whassat?” Julie mumbled back, still scouring over her pictures of the dark spot.  She just couldn’t figure out why she only see branches and leaves and a bare spot, especially in the pictures where she used the flash, instead of the menacing silhouette she could clearly see with her eyes.  Straining, she tried to figure out what parts of the tree contributed to the illusion.

“Nothing…just talking to myself,” he answered.  Julie threw her phone down on the bed in frustration.

“Well, one thing’s for sure,” she sighed.  “There’s no way I’m going to be able to sleep in here with that damn thing outside the window.  I mean…geez…I don’t know how you did it as a kid; thing’s effen’ scary.”

Griffin smiled.  “You get used to him.”  Julie shook her head emphatically.

“Oh hell no…and don’t call it a ‘him’.  Tomorrow you have put up a flood light or something.  Got it?”  Griffin continued to smile.  “And tonight you hold me real close.  You got it, Griff?”  Griffin sat on the bed next to his pregnant wife and held her tightly.

“I won’t let him get you tonight,” he whispered in her ear while in the embrace; the teasing resulting in a smack on the arm.

The next morning, Griffin rose before Julie which wasn’t uncommon.  Most days he was at the hospital before she awoke to the automatic coffee makers aroma.  Since he was on-leave for the move he could have slept in with her if he had wanted…and maybe he did, but internal clocks can be difficult to re-set, especially his; he was a creature of habit.  They had a lot on the agenda for the day anyway.  The biggest of which was to move the lion’s share of his parent’s possessions to the sizable attic and basement.

There were some things that could be sold and some things that could be given away but, much like the house itself, most would be too hard to part with.  That didn’t mean the stuff needed to stay where it was, however.   Griffin was adamant when they decided to make the move that the house be the home of Griffin and Julie Masters and not that of Ben and Mary Masters.  It wouldn’t have been fair to either of them to try and make a life in a home surrounded by the possessions and memories of someone else’s life; even if it were his parents.

Julie, who was a bit of an aspiring decorator, was so excited for the opportunity to redecorate the immense estate anyway…who was he to take that away from her?  He loved his wife so much.  Even as she slept with no makeup and a bird’s nest on her head, she was the loveliest thing Griffin had ever seen.  Turning from her, he looked out the window at the oak tree and the bare spot.

How many times had he looked at that spot during the day just trying to piece together what it was he was seeing at night?  What knob, which branch, what series of leaves contributed to the eerie figment that appeared at night?  A greater percentage of his childhood was spent studying that bare spot than he cared to admit; even to himself and here he was, twenty years later, doing the same damn thing.

After his coffee, but before Julie woke, Griffin left for the local hardware store to get a flood-light for the back of the house and had it mounted by lunch.  When the sun finally went down they discovered just how well it worked as it lit up the entire back-yard like Wrigley Field.  There was absolutely no risk of the shadow-man’s return with it on, however, there was a very high possibility that neither of them would be able to sleep again.  It was so bright that it filled the bedroom and half the hallway.

“I guess I won’t need a lamp to read in bed anymore,” Julie had joked but still ended up sending him out to shut it off.  “I guess the shadow-man wins again,” she continued to kid as he came back to bed but he found he wasn’t able to laugh with her.  It was such a stupid thing to even be concerned with…but he was.  He was a renowned doctor, for Pete’s sake; there were so many crucial things that he needed to worry about but now that the shadow-man was back in his thoughts, he refused to leave.  The only saving grace to that was that he had yet to appear in Griffin’s dreams again.

Several days passed before the shadow-man came up in conversation again.  Mostly because they had so much to keep busy in the unpacking process, but also due in part to Julie having stacked the bay-window full of boxes and obscuring the view out.  When they were finally removed and she saw the dark spot again, Julie jumped into action with the recently found Pentax 645D digital camera, which ran around ten thousand dollars when Griffin had gotten it for his wife the Christmas before last.

Similar to her current decorating aspirations, amateur photography was her passion at that time.  If Griffin were being honest, there was really very little his wife couldn’t do; it was just hard to keep her focused on any one thing for an extended period of time.  She had an innate ability to master her passions very quickly and then become bored with them as was common with people who shared her very high I.Q.  That was, of course, one of the many things he loved about her.

She managed to snap a hand-full of pictures before the front door-bell rang out drawing her attention away from the task.  It was the closest neighbors of thirty years who came to welcome Griffin back to the area with crumb-cake as well as to meet the wife of the lanky teen they remembered being so introverted.  It turned into a lovely evening with the McMillian’s sharing a few embarrassing stories from Griffin’s youth but mostly just reminiscing his parents.  They had become very close to Ben and Mary over the years and their death hit them probably the hardest.

“They are just so sweet,” Julie had said later that night in bed.  “I wanted to scoop them up and put them in my pocket.”  Griffin nodded in agreement.  “Did you see the way he kept, holding her had?”  She cozied up and put her head on his chest.  “Are you going to hold my hand like that when we’re their age?”  He took her hand and turned it over in his own.

“So much that people will think we’re glued together.”  It was, as usual, the perfect answer.  It had been a wonderful day and the topic of the shadow-man hadn’t come up at all; Griffin hadn’t given him a single moment’s thought…until Julie’s last words before drifting away to unconsciousness.

“Decorative lights…”  It was so soft he barely heard her.

“Huh?” he prompted.  “Lights?”

“Yea…” she was slipping fast, eyes already closed.  “Lights…for the tree…damn shadow dude,” and then she was out.

“Dammit,” Griffin muttered.  He had almost made it to a state of sleep without the shadow-man invading his mind and now, albeit unintentionally, Julie had placed him front and center just as he would be entering the dream-theatre.  He tried desperately to push his thoughts elsewhere:  his patients, the move, even the sweetness of the McMillians; but to no avail.  The shadow-man just kept pushing his way in.

Falling into a deep REM-state, Griffin found himself face to face with the demon; although his was the face of a ten-year-old Griffin and not his current stature.  They were seated across from one another on the floor, the creature crouching while he sat Indian-style.  This was a new scenario.  The shadow-man was making no aggressive moves, only smiling its unsettling smile and in a moment of odd lucidity, Griffin seemed to realize that he was in a dream.  The revelation emboldened him to reach his hand out toward the shadow-man.  Perhaps making contact would be the key to overcoming the psychological power this thing had held over him for so long.

The shadow-man reached one gnarled hand out as well and their fingers were only inches apart; Griffin felt unafraid.  For the first time ever, he felt like he had some degree of control over the situation.  It was his mind after all; shouldn’t he be the one directing the action?

“What do you want from me?”  Dream-Griffin asked; completely calm.  “Why won’t you just leave me alone?”  For the first time that he could remember, the shadow-man made a noise other than its hiss.  It was a disturbing, physically nauseating screech somewhere between nails on a chalkboard and a dental drill.  It started small and began to grow louder and louder to the point where Griffin had to cover his ears with his hands, but even then it penetrated…right into his brain.  He began to scream as well and just as the shriek reached a crescendo, and Griffin thought he could take no more, the shadow-man leapt from his spot onto the floor onto the young boy’s chest, knocking him backwards.

Adult Griffin shot upright in bed, knocking Julie from his chest in the process.  She mumbled something incoherently and rolled to her side.  Griffin was soaked with sweat.  The dream seemed like a minute or two at most but the alarm-clock glowing bedside said differently.  It was five in the morning and, although still dark outside, he was more than ready to start the day.  He rose, gave the dark spot a disdainful glance and headed towards the shower.  Lowe’s would be open in few hours and he was ready to do some shopping for decorative tree-lights.

Being the first person in the store was convenient, if not a little surreal, but he had no idea what he was looking or really. This was Julie’s area of expertise and he had really only received a half-conscious suggestion to work with.  Christmas tree lights were probably not what she had in mind, but then again…who knows?  He ended up settling on…everything.  The final bill was just under two grand as he purchased every possibility for lighting as tree, and some things that weren’t intended for that purpose but which may have been made to work.  Julie could make the final decision.

He could tell from her expression that his walking in the door with six large Lowe’s bags as Julie sat at the kitchen table with her coffee, was a bit of an overwhelming start to her day.

“Okay…” she said, feigning sarcastic indifference, “this makes perfect sense.”

“You said you wanted tree lights.”  He dumped the bags on the kitchen table before her.  “So, here you go.”

“So…how many trees were we planning to light up?”  He laughed.

“You pick and what we don’t use, I’ll take back.”  Julie started sorting through the various packages and shook her head.

“Geez…being away from work is absolutely killing you…isn’t it?”  Griffin chuckled in agreement.  It was better that she thought that rather than the fact that he might be slipping back into a childhood psychosis.  His profession brought him close to all number of neurosis and he knew well the power of the mind.  Unfortunately, these were things he hadn’t been trained to treat; things that usually got referred to a different branch of medicine entirely.  Not that he was ready to go that route for himself just yet.  It was only a nightmare, after all, and he wasn’t a child anymore.

Julie ended up deciding on a thirty-dollar set of cordless electric candles that could be placed strategically around the tree and then lit via a remote control.  “You can probably get these up in a couple hours,” she said, “don’t you think?”  Griffin skeptically admitted that it might take a bit longer and by the time the sun went down a little after seven, he had proven it to be the case.  Highly motivated and armed with hammer, nails and a forty-foot ladder, Griffin was more than a little disappointed at only getting three into the tree before the lack of light made the endeavor too dangerous to continue.

Leaving the ladder leaning onto the oak, Griffin called it quits for the night and decided to take a short walk around the property.  There was a well-worn path towards the edge of the yard that a young Griffin had walked at least a thousand times, but not for a few decades.  It brought back memories of summer nights and catching fireflies and it was where he was in a deep state of reminiscence when Julie’s distant cry broke through his entrancement.

“Griffffiiin!”  The panic in her voice was evident even at his distance and Griffin broke into a sprint.  “Griff!  Where are you!?  Griffin…hurry!”  Adrenaline fueled, he made it the back door in just under a minute.

“Julie!” he screamed.

“In here,” she called back from the living room and he hurried to her; finding her on the couch hunched over her laptop.  Griffin wasn’t sure what he expected to find but, fortunately, this was not it.  Her voice had scared him so badly, his initial reaction, he was ashamed to admit to himself, was one of anger.  That was the type of scream that should only be reserved for mortality-impacting situations.

“What the hell, Jules?”  He tried not to let the irritation come through.  “You scared the shit outta me.”  She looked up from the screen to his face and the anxiety came flooding back.  Griffin could not remember ever seeing that look on his wife’s face.  Drained of color and full of creased lines he had never seen before, the fear-induced expression made his neck-hair stand on end.

All she could utter was, “Look,” as she pointed to the computer screen.  Griffin joined her on the couch and for a moment wasn’t sure what he was seeing.  Was this some kind of horror website or something?  And then it hit him…he knew exactly what he was looking it and all the air left his lungs.  It was a picture of the shadow-man in the dark spot.  The uber-expensive digital camera not only captured the image previously only available to the naked eye, but it had enhanced the appearance significantly.

It was there, in the dark spot, in perfect clarity with details only seen before in Griffin’s night terrors.  Crouching on the branch, as it always seemed to be, its legs could be seen easily; its arms, chest, elbows, shoulders, neck and torso all plainly evident.  This was no trick of the eyes or shadowy illusion; this was clearly the image of a real creature, sitting in the tree outside their bedroom window.

They sat there in silence, for several long minutes, staring at the image; struggling to wrap their minds around it.  While working it through, Griffin came to a realization that made something in his mind snap and brought him into action.  If this damn thing was real then so was all the shit it had put him through growing up!  Anger overcame the paralytic fear and he ran to his father’s gun cabinet in the upstairs office, grateful they hadn’t hauled it to the attic yet.

After grabbing his father’s Benelli double-barrel shotgun and a tactical flashlight, Griffin started to head back downstairs; taking a quick look from the hallway and through his bedroom window at the shadow-man, crouching where he always was.  As he headed outside, Griffin was aware that his behavior was that of a paranoid, delusional psychotic, but if that was the case…then Julie was too.  She was in the kitchen and made no effort to stop him when she saw the shotgun; worry etched on her face.  She reached one hand out towards him, her eyes telling him to be careful, while her mouth remained unable to move.

Outside, he got in the only space, right up next to the house, which provided any type of ground view of the dark spot.  It was an uncomfortable angle and he had to strain his neck to see anything at all but there was…something.  It was too hard to tell; it could be a trick of the eyes but Griffin could swear he could make out the edges of two knees poking out and possibly the top its head.  He had never tried to look for the thing from this angle before and even if he had he wouldn’t have been able to see anything from a child’s height.

Griffin snapped the tac-light into a plastic fixture attached to the top of the gun and leveled the instrument on the dark spot.  He turned the light on, flooding the tree with illumination, and any semblance of the creature he might have thought he saw before was gone.  Just an empty branch and a bare spot.  Turning the light off brought back the small bit of it again.  He screamed at the tree, his voice unbridled hatred.

“Get the hell out of my tree you bastard or I will blow you out!”  Griffin wasn’t sure what to expect from that other than a small sense of catharsis, but what he didn’t expect was that it would…move.  Despite Julie’s pictures, there was something in the back of his mind that refused to believe that the shadow-man was real.  It was just so outside of his realm of reality that he still expected it to be unusual optics combined with extreme paranoia.

When the shadow-man’s head leaned forward and made eye contact with Griffin’s, all of that was out the window.  Griffin flipped the light back on…nothing.  He was still a little remiss to fire; the last thing he wanted was to blow a sleeping squirrel or bird’s nest out of the tree.  They gave to PETA for goodness’s sake.  The light was extinguished again.

It was fully leaning over now almost fully exposed, its sharp little teeth grinning at him.  As soon as it began hissing the horrible dream-hiss, Griffin fired the first shot.  The painful, high-pitched squeal from the night before echoed out into the night air unexpectedly and the shock of it combined with the weapon’s recoil sent Griffin falling backwards to his pants.  There was a deep thud of something large falling to the ground several feet in front of him.

Griffin fumbled with the gun for a moment and then switched the light back on, scanning the area.  He got quickly to his feet and flipped the light back off.  It was there writhing on the ground and when it knew it was being seen again it began its hissing.  Griffin leveled the gun again and was about to fire the second shell when he heard Julie calling out from behind him and turned for a split-second.

“Griff?”  She was scared.  “Are you okay?”

When he turned his attention back to the shadow-man it was gone and no combination of turning the light on and off brought it back into view.  There were, however, thick, black drops on the ground around the old oak.  Blood?  Maybe he had killed it.  For the first time in longer than he could remember, Griffin did feel a sense of relief concerning the apparition; not that it mattered in the long run.

That, and for every night after, the dark spot only looked like a dark spot.  It really wasn’t even that dark as one could see a small patch of the night sky shining through the center of it.  That was irrelevant for Griffin and Julie, however, and the house was sold a month after.  They would be raising their new child in the city after all.


By

Laura pulled her cellphone out of its storage compartment and queued up the first video before wondering if she really should watch it again.  They had, technically, only been in space for eight hours with another seventy-two yet to go and she’d already viewed the three-minute clip close to a hundred times.  The little voice in the back of her head that said she would tire of it if she continued at her current pace was quickly silenced, however, once play was pressed…yet again.

“Hi mommy!”  Kevin, who just turned six a week ago, smiled and waved at the camera while hovering over the birthday cake which Mike had decorated with stars, planets and a tiny replica of the Olympus Space Station.  “I love you,” he continued.

“We both love you!” Mike called out from behind the camera.  “Tell your mommy what you’re getting ready to do.”  Kevin nodded in commiserative approval; his smile contagious.  Laura, as with each watching, smiled as well.

“I’m going to blow out my candles.”  Her son brushed the hair from his eyes…Mike always let him slack on the haircuts when she wasn’t there…and puffed his cheeks in anticipation of a large enough exhalation to extinguish six candles.  Before he had a chance to blow, however, Mike caught him with another question earning something of a perturbed expression for his efforts.

“Why are you blowing out candles?”

Kevin’s perturbed expression shifted to one of outright incredulity.  Seemingly the dumbest question he’d ever heard, the boy shrugged and threw up his arms.  “Because they’re on fire, daddy.”  His tone was deadpan serious, bringing involuntary laughter from both his dad, who was there, and his mom, who wanted to be there more than anything.  It broke her heart to think of the special days she had missed spending with her husband and child: the birthdays, holidays and anniversaries; but that was part of a price that they all, as a family, agreed to.  The bottom line was that they were both so proud of her that those things were easily forgiven.  Most six year-olds would throw a fit if their mother didn’t attend their surprise birthday party but Kevin spent his bragging to the invited classmates about his amazing mom: Laura Hillman…the astronaut.

“No silly,” Mike corrected the boy.  “Tell your mom why you’re blowing out these candles.”

“Oh yea!” Kevin finally understood.  “This is the super-special cake that’s just for us.”

“Because the other one got eaten up at the party,” Mike added, his voice louder than the boy’s given his proximity to the microphone.

Kevin laughed in agreement, “Yea.  I only got one piece.”

“But that’s okay because we’ve got this one for you and me and mommy.”

“And daddy says that this video will make it like you were here too and that I should tell you like I’m telling the camera…um…I mean…” Kevin tied his own tongue momentarily.

“It’s okay buddy,” Mike prompted, “she knows what you mean.  I think you probably need to go ahead and make your wish.  The candles are getting a little low there.”

With wax coming dangerously close to frosting, Laura’s child and, despite all her accomplishments, the best thing she had ever done, puffed his cheeks once again and blew them out with only the tiniest degree of spittle released.  Mike kept the footage running as Kevin cut the first and largest piece which they set aside for her.  It was to be freeze-dried and sent overnight to Russia where it would be included with the supply manifest for the ESA’s Automated Transfer Vehicle launching with the Ariane-6 Heavy-Lift Rocket exactly thirteen hours after Laura and Dimitri’s Orion Capsule, The Daedalus, lifted off from Cape Canaveral.  If it all went according to plan, in three days’ time she would be able to sit down in her own private quarters aboard the OSS and eat a portion of the triple-chocolate cake while, most likely, watching this video again…for the thousandth time.

Mike set the camera down on the kitchen table and directed it so that she could see both the men in her life enjoying their cake together; repeating, “it’s good,” and “mmmm,” to each other over and over.  When Kevin was down to a few bites, Mike drew his attention to some tiny detail in the frosting that the boy couldn’t quite see.  Urging him closer and closer, her husband was somehow able to pull off the oldest gag in the book and mush Kevin’s face into the cake, smearing his nose and cheeks with chocolate.  Laura’s son was a rare breed who thought of other people first and practically never harbored ill will, and his reaction of laughter and then then hamming it up even more for the camera was exactly what she would’ve expected it to be.  Every parent wanted to say that they had a good kid but in her case…well…she had a good kid.

The video would close with a clean face and Kevin offering up the sacred secrecy of his birthday wish without provocation.  “You don’t have to say if you don’t want to,” Mike had assured him but his son insisted.  Adamant about the fact that the wish was coming true regardless, the boy felt strongly that her knowing about it would help to “keep mommy safe”.  In the final seconds of the video, with Mike’s strong arm around the kid, Kevin looks first at the camera and then back at his father before saying with complete sincerity, “My wish is for mommy to get to the Olympics Stadium okay”.  It was and incredibly sweet moment and also very unfortunate that the clip ended when it did because she would have loved to have seen the look on Mike’s face.  It didn’t matter how many times they had told their son that was the “Olympus Station” it almost always came back to them as the “Olympics Stadium”.  It had gotten so many laughs out of them, at this point…the kid was probably doing it on purpose.

Laura sighed and switched off her IPhone before slipping it back into the console.  She might not get tired of watching videos of home, but her battery would.  It amazed her.  The Daedalus was equipped with some of the most advanced circuitry in the world and yet…they couldn’t have put in a USB port?  Admittedly, the Orion series weren’t exactly designed for luxury travel.  Utilitarian in nature, the capsules were created for transporting goods and supplies and, in this particular instance, they were the ‘goods’.  The astronauts, cosmonauts and French spationauts that used the four and two-man capsules weren’t exactly boxed away like cargo, but they weren’t flying ‘first-class’ either…or even ‘coach’ for that matter.  Comfort seemed to come very low on the list of specifications the various agencies used in their creation.  Significantly lower, at least, than things like ‘hull-integrity’ and ‘oxygen stability’.  Keeping them alive seemed to be of higher priority than reclining seats and an in-flight movie.  She wasn’t complaining.

She looked over at Dimitri who was sound asleep and found it remarkable that he could do so with such ease.  While they had specific sleep cycles that they were to try to adhere to, Laura had been unable to catch a single wink during her first four-hour shift.  There had been too much adrenaline and norepinephrine surging through her system to even make it possible; it felt like two too many double espressos.  She was in space!  Dreaming of this moment since she was Kevin’s age, it was the fruition of everything she had ever wanted growing up.  Her high-school yearbook quote was, “If I get to go to space, I will die happy” and she meant it.  Breaking through the cloud-line, leaving the atmosphere behind and delving into the incomprehensible vastness was like nothing she had imagined; and nothing like the simulations either.  It was a rush!  Giving birth to Kevin, marrying Mike, graduating to a gold-key NASA astronaut…these had been the defining moments in her life and now they all just seemed to pale by comparison.  She would leave that part out when relaying the story to her boys.

Her co-pilot, however, did not appear to be as impressed.  Dimitri Vladimir Kapirski had a few more season under his belt than she did, as a pilot-cosmonaut and a test-cosmonaut on thirty-nine different missions to space, including two two-year stints aboard the, now defunct, International Space Station.  The man had logged more time in space any anyone who hadn’t retired; which was part of the reason why he was being made the Commander of the OSS.  Dimitri had the type of serious temperament and fastidious eye for details that only came from being in the game for so long.

Most people that met him once thought he was a hard-ass but once you really got to know him…well, he was still a hard-ass; but he was honest and brave and intelligent and, frankly, there was no one else you’d rather have watching your back.  Laura had first met the revered cosmonaut twelve years ago when she took an eight-week course he was instructing and he had intimidated the hell out of her at the time.  He had seen something in her, however, and, two weeks into the program, pulled her aside out of nearly three hundred people who all had the same dream of being an astronaut or cosmonaut and told her, “you’re going to space”.

Unbeknownst to her, he had followed her career after that and it was he who put in the request to have her on his station crew.  Laura knew he had given a recommendation but had no idea the extent to which he was responsible for her wildest dreams coming true.  In three days’ time the adventure would really begin.  Dimitri would be replacing current OSS Commander Jill Milner and Laura was relieving Alex Wang, both of whom would use the Daedalus to return to Earth after completing four year tours in space.  Astronauts Nick Geary and Rukia Kanagi would be staying behind leaving a continued skeleton crew of four once the Daedalus departs again.

Theirs would be the final preparations that would need to be made in advance of the full crew arrival in three months’ time.  The Olympus Space Station was a masterpiece of civil engineering and deep-space construction created as a long-term alternative to the archaic tin-can known as the International Space Station.  Built to comfortably house a working community of two-hundred and eighty-eight people, Laura’s team was responsible for a large variety of nit-picking tasks.  From inputting personal and medical data of all the incoming personnel to testing every system available to test, they would have their hands full, no doubt, but the heavy lifting had already been done.  Dimitri would be the first OSS Commander to maintain the station at capacity and she would be one of the flight crew.  It was all very exciting.

Laura wasn’t the only one to have high hopes for Olympus.  The crew were coming from every corner of the world and through every space agency available, including private companies like SpaceX. There was a real emphasis on global cooperation and working together and it was hoped by many, in America at least, that the station would act as a beacon for the rest of the world to follow.  There was a quiet optimism that the glorious utopia of collaboration orbiting above the rest of humanity might somehow ebb the rising tide of hatred and violence spilling over all borders.

Since the beginning of the nuclear age, the threat of mutual destruction has been the only thing keeping the peace between nations…supposedly.  It now seemed, however, that the world was evolving into a different place with a different mindset.  There were countries in the world with egomaniacal leaders who cared more about power than their citizens and some who were even worse; some that cared only for destruction.  There were factions of generational wealthy who funneled ungodly amounts of money into creating propaganda, distrust, riots and eventually…war.  To these people war equals money.  They just don’t seem to understand that the world has the capacity for only one more war.  At the very bottom of the pyramid was the majority of the planet’s seven and a half billion people…and those people were completely terrified; wanting nothing more than peace.

Part of the reason Laura finally decided to actually go into space and leave her family behind on terra firma was the hope that she was working to create a better world for her son than the one he currently resided in.  With no eye for politics or the law, the only way she knew how to do that was through science and the idea that global resolution could come through mankind experiencing and thriving far beyond the bounds of any country or even the world itself.  She didn’t know if her co-pilot and future Commander was going to Olympus for the same lofty idealisms that drove her, however.  It was hard to say how he felt about the future of the planet or even, being unmarried and without children, his desire to be on it.  ‘Heart to heart’s” weren’t exactly his strong suit.  Motivations aside, there could not have been a better person available for the position.

Dimitri snorted loudly, breaking the silence of the capsule and causing Laura to jump in her seat, startling her from her thoughts.  The older man wasn’t a snorer, thank goodness…that could have been maddening; but he did, on occasion, release an involuntary snort which, when it didn’t scare her half to death, tickled her to no end.  She had heard a rumor in flight-school that he once had the nickname “Hot Sauce” but she was never able to verify its authenticity…let alone find out how he might have gotten it.  Presumably it had something to do with hot sauce…hopefully for eating it.  She watched him for a moment to see if the splutter was a solo…sometimes they came in pairs…and when she was satisfied that there wasn’t another coming she turned her attention to the beveled window known as “viewpoint six”.

The motion wasn’t terribly comfortable as she had to twist her neck somewhat to look over her right shoulder, but it was the only one of the six openings that provided her with a view of the Earth which was, for all intents and purposes, in their rearview mirror.  The windows were actually three different frames of aluminum silicate infused glass, with the center pane adjusting for the dramatic difference in pressure between the vacuum of space and what they needed to survive the trip, so the view they provided wasn’t crystal-clear.  That being said, it was still a breathtaking sight to behold.

Almost as if mother nature had coordinated for her benefit alone, the cloud-cover was practically non-existent.  Even at the distance they had already traveled, the outline of the North and South American land masses were clearly discernible in the sunlight bathed side of the Earth, brown and green against the brilliant blues and aqua-marine of the oceans.  They had, of course, traveled too far to make out any of the footprints of mankind: cities, monuments and the like…or so she thought.   A flash of blinding light from somewhere on the US east coast flared out as bright as the sun leaving spots on the back of her eyelids when she reflexively squeezed them shut.

Her first thought was that it had to be weather related but logic quickly dictated that that couldn’t be the case.  It was way too bright to have been anything like lightening, which shouldn’t be observable from space anyway.  Could it have been a reflection of the sun’s light?  A basic understanding of geometrics and the sun’s current location made that highly improbable.  Laura’s mind was running through the logical possibilities…to the point of even considering breaking Dimitri’s slumber early for his opinion, when the communication channel designated “Tango” began flashing on the digital dashboard.  It was accompanied by its own unique beep and the moment it went off, Dimitri woke up anyway, constantly tuned-in.  It was an alarm they weren’t used to and probably shouldn’t be hearing.

There was there main line of communications, “Alpha”, which was the direct contact with their Mission Control at NASA in Cape Canaveral, Florida.  The had regularly planned interactions but it wasn’t completely uncommon for either side to relay messages outside of the scheduled check-ins.  “Beta” was a back-up com-channel which also linked to Mission Control in the unlikely scenario that the main line became compromised.   Once you got past the first two channels, you had a dozen more which were direct lines to the various space agencies’ Mission Controls around the planet.  Tango was so far down the list of probable contact that Laura had actually forgotten whom it connected to, having not used it since the early days of training.  Not surprisingly, Dimitri knew immediately as he switched off the alarm and connected to the European Space Agency’s Mission Control in Darmstadt, Germany.

“This is Daedalus,” Dimitri began, his English thick with a Russian accent.  Pulling up the confirmation codes needed for an unscheduled transmission from his console screen he continued, “Confirmation: Echo…Rainbow…straw-hat…seven…four…razorblade…”

“Daedalus there’s a problem.”  The unidentified person on the other end cut him off, seemingly unconcerned about national security since Dimitri still had four more verification words left to read.  “We’re getting reports…Oh God…I don’t even know how to…”  The man’s voice seemed strained and disconnected at the same time, tones they weren’t used to hearing from their Earthly contacts, who were trained to maintain calming dispositions when dealing with their counterparts in space.  The capsule-mates shared a bewildered look before Dimitri tried again.

“ESA…why are you guys contacting us?”  His best guess was that they had some atmospheric questions or numbers for Daedalus to run for the unmanned supply launch that should be taking place within the hour.  Perhaps an update on the launch itself.  “Was there something we can help you guys with?”  There was an extended silence, which was also unusual.

Finally, “Daedalus…when did you last report to NASA Mission Control?  How long has it been?”  It was Laura who replied.

“Approximately forty minutes ago.  Due for next communique at oh-nine-hundred hours.”  The ESA rep left them with an extended silence yet again and this time it was long enough for Dimitri to say, “screw this” and pull up the Alpha channel as well.

“Mission Control, this is Daedalus, do you read?”  There was no reply and after a few minutes he tried again.  “Mission Control…this is Daedalus…do you read?”

“You’re not getting anything, are you?” asked the ESA line who had been listening the entire time.

“What the hell’s going one ESA?” Laura blurted.  They were both getting a little irritated with the situation.  The astronauts could hear the man sigh and then begin talking to someone else that wasn’t them.  It was mostly muffled but small bits of phrases would make their way through unscathed, like “have to tell”, “what if it’s true”, and “better off than we are” before finally speaking in a voice clear enough that it was obvious he was speaking to them again.

“Dimitri…Laura…this is coming strictly outside of the chain of command and…”  Again the line went quiet and the informal nature of the way they were being addressed was, alone, enough to find quite disconcerting.  They both had codenames that were to be used during transit.  Once aboard the OSS, NASA or anyone else that wanted to make contact would be fine in calling them by their birth-names.  It was protocol, however, that during the actual flights he would be referred to as “Handlebar” and she was “Teacup”.  It was highly unusual to hear her real name coming from the tiny speakers in her flight suit when she had been hearing “Teacup” since day one of the mission’s training period and it make her squirm uncomfortably, strapped into her seat.

“What the hell is going on there, ESA?”  Dimitri blurted out, seeming to recognize the difference between intentional silence and signal tangibility, which Laura was suspecting.  The voice with German inflections finally replied but not before they could both hear a blood-curdling cry coming from somewhere else behind him.  It was enough to send shivers down both their spines as they looked at each other, searching one another’s face for any sign of understanding; each hoping the other might have figured out what was happening.

“I’m sorry guys…things are going to hell right now.  This is Dolph…Dolph Weiner.”  They had both worked closely with the man in the past and it was somewhat surprising that neither of them had recognized his voice but, thick with panic, it was undeniably different now.  Dolph, much like Dimitri, was very well respected for his experience and tenure in the space and aeronautics fields.  Cutting his teeth at NASA, straight out of MIT, he bounced between government sectors and private corporations like Northrup Grumman and Boeing before finally ending up with the ESA as its Mission Control director for the sunset years of his distinguished career.  For someone of his caliber to be the one establishing contact was just…wrong.

“I don’t want to be the one telling you this…but…somebody has to.  Things have gone to shit down here.  It’s…it’s war.  The big one.  I think NASA is gone.”  Dimitri struggled to grasp what Dolph was trying to tell them but Laura immediately thought of the flash and knew.

“Gone?” Dimitri’s voice was confused.  “What do you mean ‘gone’?”

“Nukes…Dimitri.  The bastards are all using…”  The signal went dead, its light extinguishing as well to signify that the man hadn’t just stopped mid-sentence.  Laura twisted her head back to viewport six and released a horrible scream that echoed off the capsules walls long after it had ended in a tormented moan.  It had only been a split-second.  In that minuscule moment of time that her eyes were open and facing the glass they were bombarded with a series of simultaneous flashes so bright it seemed as though the Earth had, in fact, become the sun itself.

The scream was one of physical agony and not at all pertaining to the emotional anguish which was far from setting in, even though her brain had realized what was happening.  The thoughts of her husband and child being burned away to a pile of nuclear ash or even worse…living through the blasts…hadn’t set in yet.  The shock of being so suddenly and completely…blinded kept everything else at bay.

With quicker thinking that Laura displayed, Dimitri activated the solar shields which blocked, very nearly, all outside light with the type of tint one could watch a solar eclipse through and unlatched himself from his seat to set about doing whatever he could to treat her eyes.  Although neither of them were doctors, it wasn’t as if they were without medical training all together.  Every person that went into space, especially those expecting extended stays, were required to learn just about everything first year med-students were taught.

Laura’s entire body vibrated with involuntary shaking, a physical reaction to the trauma of having her eyes open and not seeing anything but the assortment of flashing spots, over and over again.  At the periphery there seemed to be some acuity but if she shifted her gaze to any area she thought she might have taken in a small bit of Dimitri’s movements, it was filled with the disruptive optical echo.  In the thousands of times she had been required to spend extended time in the tiny, cramped spaces that being an astronaut required, she had never once experienced any claustrophobia and now, without warning, Laura was overwhelmed with the sensation of being trapped…in her own body.

Struggling for breath, she was vaguely aware of her co-pilot’s voice doing the best it could to calm her histrionics, but it was distant and foreign; the visual barrier somehow reaching into her mind to affect her cognitive abilities. It took several long minutes and his placing a medicated bandage over her eyes for his words to slowly sift into any recognizable form of communication.

“…solar retinopathy…know it’s terrifying…not permanent.”  He placed one large palm on her forehead with his fingers drifting into her hairline and something about the warmth and pressure of it eased the hyperventilation and calmed the tremors from her body, much as Dimitri had intended it to.  It brought back warm and comforting memories of her father who used to do the same thing when she was a small child.  She wondered if there was any way the Russian could have known that once her mind returned to the summit of being able to process thoughts once again.

“Once we get aboard Olympus we’ll be able to treat it better and you could be seeing fine in just a few weeks.”  Laura nodded her head to convey that she not only heard the statement but also that she was back in the realm of clinical response and Dimitri seemed to understand its meaning.  “Good,” he continued; “okay…listen, I need you to keep your eyes closed for now and do your best to stay calm.”  He sighed in a way she didn’t think she’d ever heard before, before finally asking; “Does it hurt?”  She nodded. The two small bonfires beneath her eyelids kept her from little more than a responsive state while the shock momentarily held the rest of reality at bay.

She could hear him rummaging through something, airtight foil being removed, while she concentrated on the burning and flashing lights that inundated her optical nerves beneath closed and covered eyes.  In a moment his voice had returned to her side.

“I’m going to give you a fentanyl dose.”  She nodded again and when he gently slid the plastic tip of the nasal applicator for the synthetic opioid into her right nostril he said, “On three.  One…two…three” Dimitri squeezed the bottle as Laura inhaled deeply and the medication began to do its thing almost immediately.  Within thirty seconds she was granted relief with the sweet embrace of darkness offered by unconsciousness.  Shortly after that she found herself in the loving arms of Mike with Kevin desperately trying to squirm his way from between them.

The three of them were in the double-king, canopied bed that Mike had insisted they spend way too much money on, wrestling and tickling each other and reveling in the unabashed and unrestrained joy of being a family in love and of being all together, which was a truly rare thing.  Kevin would pretend to try to get away but only so much as to re-position himself at an angle to get at her weak-spot: between the ribs, just below the armpits.  The child was getting stronger every year but with Mike’s assistance they were able to keep him between them and smothered with kisses.  It was a moment that they would have all been happy to have last forever.  It didn’t.

In unison, Mike and Kevin quit laughing and sat upright in the bed, smiles completely erased.  Her husband and child each turned to face her and the expressions of fear etched upon their faces was enough for her to bolt upright as well.  Perhaps it was a reaction to Kevin taking her hand or Mike’s saying, “I love you both so much”, but the fear they seemed to be feeling gripped her by the throat as well.  Suddenly terrified by the certain knowledge that some impending doom was imminent, all she had time to do was shed a single tear when the bay window flooded the room with blinding and oppressive light.  It consumed them and the smell of burning hair filled her nostrils before the wall of fire came through to wash them away.

It was a momentary relief when the psychological sledgehammer of a dream jerked her back to a waking state, but the moment was short-lived.  Discovering, yet again, that she had been blinded…hopefully temporarily…the reality of her situation setting back in was just as horrific as the dream had been.  She could hear Dimitri…and he was speaking to someone.

“I’m telling you there’s nothing.”  It was Rukia Kanagi’s voice.  Dimitri was communicating with the OSS. “We’ve scanned the entire planet, Sir.  There are no signals of any type.  We’ve gone over every known man-made frequency in the database.  I think…Oh Dear Lord, I don’t even want to say it out loud.”  Rukia was a communications expert, among other things, and she wasn’t exactly known for her emotional outbursts.

“It’s okay Kanagi,” Dimitri offered, using a voice with the same calming qualities he used on Laura; “you don’t have to say it.”  There were a few minutes of silence and Laura wondered if she should let them know that she was awake when Rukia’s voice filtered through the speakers in her flight-suit again.

“Sir…given everything that’s just happened, I’m…uncertain…about bringing this up…but,” her voice became conspiratorially low; “I think there might be another problem that you need to know about.”

“Go ahead Kanagi,” he pressed.

“Well,” still at a whisper; “it’s been nothing more than talk at this point but…well…I thought you should know.  It’s Alex and Nick…geez, I can’t believe I’m even having to say this but…they’ve been trying to convince the Commander that we shouldn’t let the Daedalus dock with Olympus.”

“What the fuck are you talking about Kanagi?”  Laura cringed involuntarily; she had never heard Dimitri cuss before.  She could only imagine what Rukia’s reaction was.  It took a moment for her to respond.

“Sir…I can’t stress enough that they’re simply suggesting it as a hypothetical.  I know these people and I can’t imagine that they’d really do it.  It’s just…well, right now the food supplies are somewhat low.  Even with reduced rations, there’s really only enough for four people to survive for a few months.  Everything that we needed to keep a continued supply of food was supposed to be on the Ariane-six…all the seeds for crops and enough MRE’s to last three hundred people a decade were on that supply ship and…well…we’ve not been able to verify if she got off the ground before the shit hit the fan.  Until it clears the Van Allen belts we’re not going to be able to lock onto her signal and that won’t be for another six hours…assuming she’s even out there.”

Rukia went quiet again and Dimitri considered her words before asking, “So what you’re saying, Kanagi, is that if the Ariane never made lift-off then they’re not going to let the Daedalus board the station?”

“I’m so…sorry Sir.”  Dimitri could tell the young Japanese-American astronaut was sickened by her own words.  “According to Nick, the current supplies would last six people no more than a couple weeks.  I don’t know what to say Sir except…I will die before I let that happen; you have my word.  I have to go before they discover that I’ve contacted you. Maintain your course and the second I can, I’ll give you an update.  God speed Sir.”

“Kanagi.”  Dimitri caught her before she cut the transmission.

“Yes Sir?”

“Kanagi…Rukia…your father would have been proud of you.”  Laura could hear the other woman’s breath hitch quietly, just short of an actual sob.  It was a noise she often made herself when she needed to keep her composure in a haze of emotion.  Although it was customary for commanding officers to refer to their crew by their secondary names, Dimitri had been doing it his entire career.  It was a rare treat to hear your first name coming from his lips.

“Thank you, Sir.”  Olympus cut the connection and, after a moment of quiet, Dimitri turned his attention to his bandaged co-pilot.

“You had nothing to add to the conversation, Hillman?”  She smiled despite the grave situation; the man never ceased to amaze her.

“How did you know I was awake?”  Her voice was dry and cracked and, before she could ask for water, he had positioned the flight-suit’s drinking tube into her mouth.  The water tasted fine even though she couldn’t help but to think about the fact that a portion of it was her own reconstituted urine, much as she did every time she drank.  The flight suits were equipped with ten gallons of water and an advanced filtration system for the astronaut’s urine which would stretch the ten gallons into the fifty or sixty that they would need to stay hydrated on the trip to Olympus.

“Your breathing,” he answered her question as she drank.

“Is it true?” she asked after finally satiating her thirst.  “Is it all…gone?”

Dimitri shook his head despite her inability to see it.  “I don’t know.  I think…I think it would be unwise for either of us to make any assumptions.”

“But you tried all the channels?”

“While you slept…yea.  I’ve scanned every frequency this little Orion capsule is capable of.  That being said, we can’t afford to lose ourselves in hypothetical conjecture.  Dwelling on what happened down there isn’t going to help us any up here.  All we need to concentrate on is getting to the OSS.”  She was incapable of taking that advice, however, and her brain vomited up the thought it had been tip-toeing around for as long as it could.

“Oh God…Mike…Kevin” She felt the already weak grasp on her sanity slipping away as the notion of a ‘rest of her life’ without her husband and child tried to take hold.  Dimitri grabbed her shoulders and gently shook her, hoping to bring her attention back to the here and now.

“NO!”  He screamed into her face.  “You cannot do that right now.”  His voice was compassionate but forceful just the same.  “For one…you can’t cry if you want your eyes to heal.  There’s no way around that.  If something did happen to your family, then there will be time to mourn them later…on Olympus.  Right now…I’m giving you a direct command: you are not to think about the conditions on Earth while you are aboard Daedalus.  Do you understand?”

Technically he wasn’t her commanding officer until they were aboard the OSS and he had relieved Commander Milner of the position, but…she knew what he was doing, and more importantly, he was right.  Nodding again, she did her best to wipe the anguished look from her face.  The new one wasn’t a whole lot better but Dimitri could see the determination Laura was trying to convey.  He could trust that she was, once again, a competent co-pilot and wouldn’t be slipping back into hysterics of any type…not yet, anyway.   Although it took several long seconds, she somehow managed to compartmentalize the pain into a spot where it could be relatively ignored for the time being.  It was an ability that she wasn’t aware she had and that wasn’t necessarily a good thing.

“Yes Sir,” she finally managed and then, after a few more seconds; “What about the Ariane-six?”

“What about it?”  She wasn’t exactly sure what she was asking either.

“I don’t know…is there any way that we can track her?  We’re a lot closer to it than Olympus.”  Dimitri shook his head ‘no’ before yet again realizing that her condition made it moot to do so.

“Not without knowing her flight-plan. She’s unmanned so there’s nothing more than a beacon and without Mission Control to give us coordinates…well…the answer’s ‘no’.  Olympus will find her before we ever could.  All we can do now is continue on with our flight-plan.”  Without her eyes, Laura found herself concentrating on the timbre and cadence of his voice more than she ever had before and there were no cracks.  Still calm, still in control and still working the problem with a thorough logic that she couldn’t hope to achieve, given the circumstances.  Laura knew her life was in his hands and…she was grateful.

“Do you really think they’ll exile the Daedalus?”  It seemed unimaginable…but then again…so did this entire situation.

“No.  No I do not.”  She could hear the certainty in his voice.

“How…how can you be so sure?”

“Because I know Kanagi and Commander Milner won’t let that happen.  Wang and Geary had a knee-jerk reaction.  Panic and fear makes some men revert to base instincts, but…they will come to their senses.  It’s been my experience that those who make it to space generally have a strong reverence for life.”

“Okay…I believe you,” …and she did.  They sat in silence for thirty minutes before Dimitri broke out their meal-injections.  Being that a toilet was one of the amenities the Daedalus lacked, solid food consumption was out of the question.  A pre-launch colon-cleanse combined with the injections that contained all the vitamins, proteins and nutrients their bodies required made the process possible.  Which wasn’t to say that it was pleasant in the least.  Several days of tapering off the injections and slowly re-introducing food to the system was required afterwards and it could be several weeks before your stomach was ready for a spicy burrito again.

Fortunately, they were privy to the most advanced supplies available and their nutrient-shots came in MIT-engineered devices which injected their “food” without needles, delivering a high-velocity jet of liquid that breached the skin at the speed of sound.  They included appetite suppressants as well which kept the tummy from rumbling its disapproval at the unnatural attempt to sustain its needs.

“Everything a growing cosmonaut needs to become big and strong,” Dimitri said as he depressed the injection into his neck.  It was the same thing he said every time they “ate”.  His consistency was doubly reassuring in that moment and for the umpteenth time she thought, thank God for Dimitri.  Although he offered, Laura was able to handle her own injection.  Ironically, it was just the day before that she told him she could have done it “blindfolded” and now it was time to put up or shut up.

Dimitri did the honors of cleaning the dishes and informed her that it was time for her to sleep.  Without her vision to provide a framework of her surroundings, she was losing all sense of time; after the last, drug-induced, chainsaw of a dream she was in no hurry to return and put up a bit of a fight as well.  After all, he hadn’t slept since she had…and they both needed him to be as his best…or at least better than he would be if sleep deprivation took hold.  Her arguments held no sway, however, and he pulled premature rank on his capsule-mate once again.

Finally, she agreed…she was tired…but she declined Dimitri’s offer of more fentanyl.  Her eyes weren’t burning nearly as badly now and, frankly, she couldn’t take another dream like the last one.   Before attempting to sleep, Laura did something she hadn’t done since she was a small child: she prayed.   It was the first time the adult version of her had done so without feeling like a hypocrite and it was a short, simple request.  There were a great many things that probably should have been prayed for more…she knew that…but she only asked for a moment of peace, an opportunity to sleep safe from the torment of pain.  Her prayer was answered.

Falling asleep quicker than she had thought possible, her mind remained mercifully blank.  The burning thoughts she had been holding at bay, the ones that wanted to rip away at her soul, were enveloped and replaced by the soothing balm of utter blackness.  It was impossible to say how long she was cradled by the nothingness, but when Dimitri put his hand on her shoulder to wake it her felt like only a few minutes.  When he told her it had been six hours…it was a shock and, had it been anyone else, she wouldn’t have believed him.  He said that he would’ve let her sleep longer had they not been anticipating an update from Olympus on Ariane-six’s status.  That and he wanted to change the dressing on her eyes.

They were mid-way through the process of removing the bandage and cleaning her eyes for the new one when Olympus’s signal went off.  Multi-tasking, Dimitri switched on the com and addressed the OSS while finishing the task.

“Go ahead Olympus,” he stayed somewhat official, unsure if he’d be speaking Rukia again or not.

“Oh God Sir.”  It was Rukia.  She sounded unusually frantic.  “They’ve…Oh God…I can’t believe…”

“Kanagi!” Dimitri barked with authority pulling the Olympus communications officer back from the edge of panic.

“Right.  I’m sorry Sir.”  Her voice returned to it normally stoic tone.  “It’s mutiny Sir.  Wang and Geary have cordoned the Commander to the brig because she refused to side with them regarding the Daedalus.”

“You mean us?” Laura asked.

“Laura…?”

“Yea Rukia, it’s me.”

“Oh Laura…I’m so sorry.  Commander Kapirski told me about your eyes.  Don’t worry…we’ll get you fixed up.”  It had been a number of years since the women had seen each other but they had always considered each other ‘friends’.

“How are we going to do that if we can’t come aboard, Rukia?”  Silence took a full half-minute from them before Dimitri took control again.

“Kanagi, what is your standing with Geary and Wang?”

“Um…It’s not great Sir.”  Dimitri chuckled seemingly getting the answer he was expecting.  “The sons-of-bitches know I’m not going along with them either, however, it would seem I know Olympus’s electrical grid a little better than they do.  I’ve managed to lock myself down in E-wing and until the morons figure out how to manually override the door controls, I should be okay.  I’ve re-routed communications and most of the central systems so that I can control them from here.”  Dimitri was impressed.  For that matter…so was Laura.  She had always thought of Rukia Kanagi as a competent scientist and advanced electrical-engineer who, most likely, had a kind heart…but this fierce loyalty and bravery was really showing her something.  In the wake of extreme tragedy, people’s true colors were bleeding through the facades they liked to present and Rukia’s were downright…admirable.

“You’re a smart girl, Kanagi,” Dimitri offered what they were both thinking.

“Well Sir…I don’t know about that.  I may have control of the OSS right now but the one thing I have absolutely none of…is food.  I’ve got maybe four days tops before I’ll have to turn the station back over or risk dying and having the whole place go down as a result.”

“Kanagi, can you control the docking ports from your positon?” Laura broke in and Dimitri, knowing where she was going, nodded in agreement.  It was the only way any of them could go without resolving themselves to disagreeable deaths.

“That was the entire reason why I stole control of Olympus, Laura.  At your current trajectory, you should be here in fifty-six hours…I’ll make it that long.  That’s not the only problem though.  Even if I get you hooked up to the station that doesn’t mean that I’ll be able to keep Geary and Wang from greeting you at the door as you come in.”

“You don’t need to worry about that Kanagi,” Dimitri’s iron tone put it to rest.  “All I want you to do is to keep yourself safe until we can get there to help you.  Do you understand?”

“Yes Sir…Commander Sir.  I will not let you down.”

“I know that Kanagi.  You never have.”  After a short moment of reflection as they all instinctively wondered if this communique were between the last friends any of them would have again, Dimitri asked; “Do I take this to mean that there’s been nothing from the Ariane-six?”

“No Sir,” Rukia lamented, and, after a moment; “But that doesn’t necessarily mean anything.  Without any communications with Earth…well, we just don’t know.  I tried to explain that to Alex…I mean ‘Wang’…but with Geary breathing down his neck, he just wouldn’t listen.  There are a million different things that could have changed about the launch-time or flight-plan that would affect our ability to locate it.  There’s no way to know for absolute sure that she’s not coming until the damn thing’s only twelve hours away or closer.  So it will be…what…like two and a half days before I can narrow the search enough to say, definitively, one way or another.”

“Rukia?” Laura piped.

“Yea?”

“Do Alex and Nick know that you’ve been in contact with the Daedalus?”

“Not yet…no.  Wang isn’t the complete idiot Geary is however.  It won’t be long before he figures out how to, at least, monitor the com.  I’ll know if that happens though so…oh shit.”  Rukia cut the communication completely and Laura’s first reaction was to re-establish the channel.  Dimitri said “no” however and, being blind, there was little she could do about it.

“What the hell?” Laura demanded, serving the dual purpose of questioning both Rukia’s abrupt exit as well as Dimitri’s refusal to find out why.  A full minute passed without an answer when she reiterated the question.  This time it earned her a “Shhh”, like she was a child to be shushed.  In any other situation she might have taken offense but in this instance: it worked.  After a few more minutes of silence, Dimitri said; “It’s Morse code.”

“What?”

“Kanagi…she’s using the channel’s connection light to communicate in Morse code.  I thought maybe it was broken but…okay, wait…here’s the beginning:  L, I, S, T, E, N, I, N, G, D, O, C, K, B, A, Y, S, I, X. She wants us to dock in Bay Six.”  Dimitri clicked the channel off and on to acknowledge the received message.  Shortly after that, the channel opened again.

“Daedalus this is Olympus, do you copy?”  It was Rukia again, formal this time.  “Daedalus, I have your docking information.”  She was obviously attempting the lay the trail of crumbs for Geary and Wang.

“Roger Olympus, this is Daedalus.  We copy.”  Laura replied since she was technically the com-officer in the capsule.

“Roger that Daedalus.  We’ve got you docking in bay twenty-five.  Do you copy…bay twenty-five?”  There were only 25 docking bays so she was giving them as much distance as she could without making it obvious by putting them in the first few bays.  Rukia really was a smart girl.

“Copy that Olympus.  Bay twenty-five.  Over and out.”  Dimitri flipped off the signal and sighed.  The next two days were going to be that much longer if they’d be unable to speak to Rukia anymore…unfettered, at least.  What had started out as an expedition based in science and the advancement of the species had turned into a Darwinian nightmare where, hopefully, it wouldn’t be ‘survival of the fittest’ but rather ‘survival of the smartest’.  With the advantage of knowing what it was they would be walking into, they had approximately two days to formulate a way of making sure they ended up on top.  It was Dimitri’s contention that there was a significant difference between what the two men would do if they actually made it aboard the Olympus.  There was more than a fine line between leaving them to their own devices by denying the Daedalus and committing cold-blooded murder in person and he seemed fairly certain that the Olympus astronauts were incapable of such an act.  She wanted to believe him.

For Laura, the next two days passed like two months.  She had never realized how acutely integrated her sight was with her sense of time.  Her inability to monitor the clock and the distance traveled seemed to mess with her sanity more than anything and it required Dimitri’s having to talk her back from the edge more than once.  Every five hours they changed her bandage and Dimitri cut his sleep times down to ninety minute intervals.  Those hours and a half segments were the worst, teetering on the edge of her seat while he slept and straining her ears for any one of the one-hundred and three different noises the Daedalus might make to let them know if there were an issue or if the course needed adjustment.  Those short periods felt like days unto themselves and she was grateful for those rare moments when he would release one of his sleep-snorts.  Rather than surprise her like they normally did, they felt like Dimitri’s way of saying, “you’re okay” while he slept and brought her back from the sensation that she was all alone and floating aimlessly through space.

When they were within twelve hours, it would have been procedure for the OSS to make contact with the Daedalus every forty-five minutes but Olympus made no more contact.  Rukia, knowing that the gig was up, no longer attempted the routine B.S. and concentrated solely on her survival and keeping tabs on Astronauts Wang and Geary through the OSS security cameras.  At least that’s the message she conveyed in her last Morse code transmission around the twenty-hour mark.  When they were a mere four hours away and riddled with adrenaline-fueled anticipation, they did receive a transmission from Rukia.  It was short…and it gave them no time to respond before the connection cut again.

“Commander…Laura…they’re coming through the door.  I can’t hold them back any longer.  Automated docking routine Epsilon-Epsilon-Seven-Nine-Tango.  God speed.”  Dimitri did try to re-establish contact this time but there was no raising the station.  Rukia had done everything she could to give them a fighting chance of getting aboard the station.  The Daedalus was at a decided disadvantage, no doubt.  Without someone to make the tiny rotational adjustments to the OSS that are usually needed…not to mention Laura’s inability to monitor the capsules gyroscopic readings…well, Dimitri would have his hands full.

What he did have, however, was the exact pitch and roll the station would be in along with the remarkable gift of being able to fly any vehicle designed for zero-gravity with the precision of a machine.  From time to time, including his current approach, he was known to say “Han Solo eat your heart out”, but the Daedalus wasn’t exactly the Millennium Falcon and Laura wasn’t sure she wanted to be thought of as Chewbacca.  She did her best, throaty “ggrrrrlllhh” impression of the Wookie regardless and Dimitri unleashed his first authentic laugh since they had left Earth.  There wasn’t much to it but it was a moment they both needed; the tension palpable and suffocating.

Olympus was enormous.  It was the first trip for either of them and it could be seen by eye at nearly five hundred miles.  The closer they got the more Dimitri marveled at its size and struggled to verbally describe it to Laura.  Even though he knew specs by heart, it was so much larger in person than he had imagined.  At five hundred yards it was like navigating the capsule above a large city; a city which was rotating at fifty miles per hour. Bouncing between his manual controls and Laura’s gyro readings, Dimitri was a one-man dynamo.  Navigating the Daedalus like it was an extension of his own body, he somehow made the piece of unwieldy metal and its twenty-four opposing jets control like a sleek, flying sports-car.  Even without her eyes, Laura was impressed.

Dimitri had to circle the OSS twice in order to bring the Daedalus into alignment with Docking Bay Six and then rotated and additional four more times with the station before making sure the capsule was locked into the magnetic hold with an airtight seal.  Once the green light for the first stage of decompression came on they knew they needed to move quickly.  Bay Twenty-five was at the far end of the station but if Wang and Geary had regained control of the surveillance system then they probably already knew that they had been fooled…if they had been fooled at all.

Dimitri stood and handed Laura one of the only two weapons they would be armed with: their doctored nutrient shots.  The usual sustenance they contained, however, had been removed to make room for their homemade roofie-cocktails…or, at least, the closest facsimile they could create without actually having any Rohypnol on hand.  Instead, each injector was re-purposed with the entire supply of fentanyl, promethazine and diphenhydramine they had on hand. In theory, it was both a non-lethal and quick acting solution to possible aggression which should put a man three times the size of Dimitri down for the count.  It was hard to say how long they would be unconscious, but all they really had to do was to get the men behind bars.  They could decide what to do with them later.

Laura stood behind him, keeping her hand on the shoulder of Dimitri’s flight-suit as they made their way through the capsule’s door and into the short decompression tunnel which led into the larger world of Olympus.  Unlike Dimitri, who seemed solid as a rock, her legs were weak and shaky from sitting in zero gravity for so long as well as being unable to see her foot-falls now that gravity had returned.

They shared a moment of legitimate concern while waiting for the tunnel to decompress once the capsule was sealed off.  It remained unspoken, but they both knew that if Rukia had lost the station’s controls to Nick and Alex, this would have been their ideal opportunity to see to it that they didn’t make it aboard.  If they had really regressed to the primitive point of being cold-blooded killers then now was the time to get it done without dealing with the actual blood, cold or otherwise. Two and a half, very long minutes later they were able to breathe a combined sigh of relief as the door to Olympus slid open.  Rukia came through for them.

Bay Six was large, to say the least.  Not designed for receiving personnel, it was crammed with robotic, assembly-line loaders and unloaders as well as a lot of empty space.  It made sense for Rukia to have them come in this way if they were trying to be discreet, but it wasn’t the easiest route to navigate with a blind woman in tow.  Not to mention that they had really been hoping to see the lockers they would have found in the docks made for receiving crew.  They were both anxious to get out of their flight-suits which, no longer free of gravity, had become quite cumbersome. Taking longer than he’d hoped but quicker than he’d expected, Laura and Dimitri found themselves before the enormous set of electric sliding doors that let into an equally large hallway which would, in turn, open up into one the station’s main arteries.

They kept a steady pace towards the doorway until the motion sensor slid the barrier aside when Dimitri came to an abrupt, unanticipated stop which sent Laura smacking into his back.  His body felt rigid.

“What is it?” Laura whispered from behind him.

“Two men…waiting.  Them…I guess.”  Dimitri did not lower his voice which seemed to imply that they had been made.  “Be ready.”  She knew exactly what he meant and clutched the tranquilizer in her hand, ready to depress the button at a breath’s notice.  The stood quietly for several long seconds before he spoke again, this time much quieter than before.  “They’re not doing anything…just sitting there on the floor next to the door.”

“Do they see us?”

“I thought so…but…maybe not.”

Laura wasn’t sure what to do with that and; “Is there another way around them?” was the best she could offer.  She was, more than at any point before, infuriated with her inability to contribute more to the situation.  Hell…she would’ve been happy just not being a detriment, keenly aware that Dimitri would take responsibility for not just his own safety…but hers as well.  If something were to happen to him because he was trying to save her…well…it was another one of those thoughts that needed to be packed away somewhere in the deep, dark corner it would share with Mike and Kevin.

“No…it’s the only way through.  One is moving…I think he may see…”  Dimitri went quiet and then Laura could hear another man’s voice, coming from not too far ahead.

“No…no fucking way.  Who the hell are you?”  There was genuine shock in the man’s voice…or perhaps insanity and the next few moments came in a rapid flurry of frenzied activity.  She could hear the man scramble to his feet and run headlong towards them while screaming; “I don’t believe it!  You’re not real!”  There was a thud from all three of them when he made contact, sending Laura to the floor while Dimitri seemed to be wrestling with his attacker.  “You’re real!  You’re real!  You’re fucking real!” the crazy man cried over and over as Dimitri struggled to subdue him.  There was no way she could tell but from the Russian’s grunts, but he may have been losing.

Laura struggled to get back to her feet and still keep a firm grip on the injector when she heard the other man call out from the end of the hall.

“It’s open Alex!  You have to come NOW!”  She did her best to try and target the second man so that they wouldn’t be able to double-team Dimitri and was going to put herself between them as best she could when the struggling astronauts made contact with her once again, sending all three of them to the floor this time.  Somehow she found herself atop the sweating, panting mad-man and, with a deftness she hadn’t imagined possible with her blindness, she plunged the tranquilizer into his neck.  Almost instantly he ceased moving and his breathing became calm and even.  It had worked.

“Dimitri?” she whispered and from beneath her, he replied.

“Wrong guy,” was all he managed to gasp and she suddenly realized that she was feeling the cosmonaut’s flight-suit on her palms.  Dammit straight to hell…she had injected Dimitri.  She was trying to help…wanted to help…but it had all been so disorientating.  She could only hope that he wouldn’t blame her later; assuming there was a ‘later’.  There was no time for guilt in that moment, however, as her mind calculated the math equation of what two crazy guys plus one her would equal.  Laura climbed over his sleeping form as gently as she could, only to fall over once again on yet another unconscious body.  Dimitri had apparently gotten his shot in after all and crazy guy number one was out cold as well.  While that was a good thing, she supposed, it made her feel twice as bad about drugging the man that had been keeping her alive.  If she had only left well enough alone, he would have been fine and they would still have another shot for the second psycho.

Once she finally found her feet, which was no easy task, Laura had absolutely no sense of her bearings.   She might as well have been back in space for the ocean of darkness she was swimming in, no idea what direction her assailant would come from.  Every nerve tight, every hair standing on end, she battled to keep her breathing slow and steady if for no other reason than not to overpower the ability to hear her immediate environment.  Locating the remaining aggressor by sound was already hard enough with her heartbeat pounding in her ears like a jackhammer; she didn’t need to add hyperventilation to her growing list of impairments.  Her muscles screaming in agony beneath the weight of the flight-suit; they could barely maintain the unrelenting tension they were being kept in.

Despite what she thought to be a heightened sense of awareness, when he grabbed her shoulders from behind it caught her completely off-guard and she screamed like eight-year-old Laura screamed when Freddy Kruger jumped on screen for the first time.  It was a cry of pure, unabashed horror and the fear only got worse as he began to drag her down the hall.  The most terrifying thing of all was that, no matter how strong an effort she wanted to put into fighting him, she was no match for his strength.  Being out of zero-g for less than an hour and given everything she had already endured in that short time, her body was in no condition to challenge him.

The man said nothing as he drug her, slightly squirming, body and it seemed that he had gone a considerable distance.  They had obviously made it into Olympus’s main hull but she had no idea where he was taking her.  After several nightmarish minutes of feeling like a fly being pulled away by a spider, he seemingly found a place to his liking and, after hearing a door slide shut behind them, Laura found herself being lowered into a seat.  The man left her there and she could hear him rummaging through things on the far end of the room.  She considered making a run for it but the futility of the act which was likely be more comical than successful kept her in her place.  Before too long his heavy breathing was back her side and he had returned with a metal tray of clanking items…weapons?   With fear and exhaustion playing ‘tag’ with her psyche, a quick snippet of her wedding vows shot through her mind like oddly-timed lightening and Laura knew it was time to “speak now or forever hold her peace”.

“What…” her voice was dry and cracked, the little saliva she had a thick paste.  “What are you going to do to me?”  There was no part of her that wanted to know the answer.  The question was really just a last-ditch attempt at conversation and the highly-unlikely scenario that she could talk her way out of not dying…or, at least, not being tortured before she did.  The man was quiet for a moment and Laura hoped he was reconsidering whatever perverse avenues he had planned to go down.  Finally, he gave a long, guttural sigh, sounding nearly as tired as she was, and spoke.

“I’m going to try to save your life…and mine while we’re at it.”  The man’s voice was deep, with a hair of British inflection, reflecting his nearly thirty years removed from the English territories.  “But for now, we’re going to start by having a look at your eyes and getting you out of that zoom-bag.”  This was not what she was expecting and it put her off her second line of conversation completely which was to start begging for her life.  “And since I answered your question,” he continued; “I appreciate it if you’d answer one of mine:  exactly who the hell are you…and how the hell did you get here, Miss?  I guess that’s two questions.”

Given that nothing else in the last four days had been remotely close to…normal…it didn’t really come as too much of a surprise to see the trend continue.  She was confused, to be sure, but more than that…she was relieved.  Not being tortured and killed in the depths of space, where they say screaming isn’t heard terribly well, put her mind at ease considerably.

“I’m Astronaut Laura Hillman…and I got here on the Daedalus with your new Commander, Dimitri Kapirski.”

After another moment of silent pondering her unseen companion blurted out; “psycho-bitch!” and Laura flinched instinctively.  The man put his hand on her knee, perhaps to comfort her, and she nearly fell out of her seat trying to pull away, suddenly quite wary of her imminent safety again.

“I’m sorry,” he apologized several times over as sincerely as he could.  “I didn’t mean to scare you.  I realize you must think I was talking about you…I wasn’t.”  He sighed.  “Listen…I’m Nick Geary.  You can call me ‘Nick’.  I’m the medical officer on board the Olympus until the crew gets…” Nick trailed off, realizing his own mistake.  “Well…I’m the medical officer.  If you’ll let me, I’d like to take a look at your eyes and see if we can’t get you fixed up.  After that we need to get you changed into some real clothes…and, as much as I hate to be a pain, we probably need to do these things at an expedient pace.  I don’t think it’s wise for us to stay here too long.”  Every time she thought she was beginning to grasp the situation…it just went right out the window.  Her head was swimming in confusion.

“I don’t understand, Nick…we were told that…well, that you had taken control of the station and were denying access to the Daedalus.  We thought you were there to…I don’t know…do something to us.  We were only trying to defend ourselves.”  Nick’s response was a dry chuckle that didn’t sound like real laughter.

“Well…we were told that the Daedalus never made lift-off from Earth before…you know.”  The doctor reached for Laura’s bandage and this time she didn’t flinch or pull away.  It was due more to her being captivated by his words than her no longer being afraid of him, however.  It was hard to fully trust anyone when you couldn’t read their face.

After a brief inspection, the man who claimed to be the station’s doctor agreed with Dimitri’s earlier assessment of solar retinopathy as well as the cosmonaut’s confidence in its ability to be treated.  This was very welcome news given the intensity of the distracting flashing that flooded her visual senses while the bandage was off, the intense light of the Central Medical Bay playing havoc with her optical nerves until Nick reapplied a new bandage, bringing back the merciful darkness.

Nick took a swab of the inside of her mouth for Laura’s DNA and fed the sample into one of the most expensive pieces of machinery on the entire OSS.  It was a one-of-a-kind, bio-processor with a sixteen-digit number as its only ID, but which its makers had affectionately dubbed “Prometheus” for its ability to restore life to humanity and perhaps even achieve immortality.  Prometheus, unimaginable for most of humanity’s tenure, was science fiction become science, creating synthetic stem-cells on a nanoscopic level which could combine with specific DNA or RNA to create cures for nearly every conceivable ailment from the common cold to cancer to fifth degree burns.

“We honestly thought we were the last people left…”  Nick gently patted her head like she was made of fine China while they waited on the amazing machine and she could hear the reverence in his voice.  “I’m really glad you made it here.  I don’t know how you did it…but I’m really glad you did.”  It took a remarkably short amount of time for Prometheus, with some specifically inputted instructions, to produce the solution which, once painlessly injected, would reduce Laura’s healing period from several months to a day or two.

Nick helped her get out of her flight-suit, clean up and change into better suited clothes and Laura, beyond the point of modesty, let him.  It had nothing to do with her being blind or his being a doctor either.  Given the circumstances…it just didn’t matter.  They spoke as she changed and she kept getting the impression that she wasn’t moving nearly quickly enough.  Nick’s increased cadence and high rising intonation gave every word a thinly veiled sense of urgency and, without seeing facial expressions, it was the only way she had to ‘read’ him.

He explained the Alex had not been trying to attack Dimitri at all, but had slipped into a state of mental delirium and wanted nothing more than to verify their reality with his own sense of touch.  The situation escalated quickly between the two men and it was unfortunate for them all the way it turned out.  Apparently the strain of the last few days had been too much for Olympus’s main engineer and he had snapped long before the Daedalus made port.  It hadn’t helped any that the two men had been led to Bay Six by a false alarm touting blockage in a ventilation shaft, and then trapped there for the last two days without food, water and a toilet of any kind.

“You can bet your ass that there’s some blockage in that shaft now,” Nick joked and had she not been standing nearly naked it would have qualified as “T.M.I.” but instead it produced a real chuckle from both of them.  Astronaut Geary was somewhat crude with the mouth of a sailor but she could tell by the time she had her clean, OSS jumpsuit on that she really like the man.  He didn’t seem to have much of a filter between his mind and his mouth, not mincing his words in the least, but he seemed to be a straight-shooter which was part of what she loved about Dimitri so much…and Mike.  Once she had her boots laced up he was insisting that they leave the Med Bay…that they were most likely being watched.  Laura refused to budge this time without some answers first.

Where were they going?  Why were they running?  Who were they running from?  On top of all of that, she was demanding that they go back and help Dimitri.  Yea, they may have still been alive, but they couldn’t just leave him passed out on the metal docking platform…and Alex too, for that matter.  Nick could see her determination and, by her best guess, was probably too exhausted himself to drag her any further.  With the frustration plainly evident in his voice and a sigh after every other sentence, Nick did his best to explain what he could.

For starters, he didn’t know where they were going…just that they had to keep going or risk being trapped in whatever room they happened to be in.  More than forty hours ago, he and Alex had contemplated trying to access they only real weapon aboard the OSS: a 9mm handgun locked in a safe in the Commander’s office but the only way in was with a numeric code only known by the acting Commander.  The idea had been nothing more than a viscous tease to them but Laura made a mental note: Dimitri would know that code.  It was another reason they needed to go back and get him…if not ‘sooner’ then definitely ‘later’.  Nick paused and promised more answers if they could just start moving to a new location…any new location.

Laura reluctantly agreed and let him lead her, hand in hand, out of the Med Bay and towards the housing units.  It was his contention that, being some of the only areas without cameras, if they could get into one of the apartments unseen, they could finally rest and formulate some sort of plan.  He repeatedly stressed the need for stealth but she could only be so covert, shuffling along, at his side and slightly behind.  Nick held her left hand while she traced the cool, metallic wall with her right.  She tried to work through the conundrum in her head and to her, their antagonist couldn’t have been more obvious.

“Commander Milner,” she said, her voice just above a whisper.  Without slowing his pace, Nick looked over his shoulder at her.

“What about her?”  He shared her hushed tone and Laura found that she actually preferred it in her current state of blindness.  There was something about the tone and volume of the words that came her way which affected her ability to process them properly.  Having to rely solely on an auditory palate for the world to color itself from had created unique and surprising effects on the way her brain was re-wiring itself but this was hardly the time for a scientific analysis.  For that reason alone, she hadn’t even begun to wonder why all the abstract hums, beeps, whirs and other background noise that made up the station seemed to drift through her mind as vibrant colors instead: a cacophonous kaleidoscope of Olympus’s soundtrack.  It made her dizzy if she let herself focus on it.

“That’s who we’re running from…Commander Milner.  I bet she went off the deep end…like Alex, except worse.  She deceived all three of you and tricked you into doing exactly what she wanted you to.  I mean…I haven’t got it all figured out yet but…it’s something like that, right?”

This did seem to halt Nick momentarily, and just as she was sure he was about to confirm her suspicions, he said; “Are you hungry?”  Offbeat and random seemed to be the man’s forte and Laura’s mouth literally dropped open.  In point of fact, however, she wasn’t.  It would be another twelve hours at least before her body would be ready to start accepting solid foods again.

“I can’t eat…I just boarded.  Didn’t you say you were the Medical Officer?”  She was teasing with her jab.  Under the current circumstances, anyone could be forgiven a large degree of ‘scatter-brain’.

“Of course,” he agreed; “however…I’m hungry.”  As if on que his belly rumbled in confirmation.  “I helped myself to a Nutrient Shot back in Med but we hadn’t eaten in a couple of days.  I’m going to need a little something.”  Laura had no great alternate plan to propose so she simply shrugged her shoulders as if to say, ‘whatever’ and allowed him to adjust their course accordingly.  They shuffled along quietly together for some distance before Nick finally revealed what had been troubling his mind.

“Commander Milner…”  His voice was soft and low and conveyed a somber seriousness; “made sure that everyone called her ‘Jill’.  She was unlike anyone else you’d ever meet.  She was a pioneer and in my personal and professional opinion, she could have been one of the greatest deep-space astronauts of all time.  The Commander was something of a hero of mine…I would have given my life for hers without deliberation.”  The anguished pain she heard at the edges of his sentences sounded like it might break into sobs at any moment and she totally understood when he needed the time to collect himself.

Within a few minutes they found themselves in “Kitchen C”, just outside of “Cafeteria 47” otherwise labeled “The Rainbow Room Bar & Grill”.  Grabbing a menu and reading it aloud as they made their way back to the meagerly supplied shelves, Nick’s mouth began watering for something significant but he would have felt like a hypocrite if he had taken the time to fry a steak or whip up some bacon and eggs when he had pressed her so hard about their mobility while she was struggling to get out of the modified spacesuit.  She was inclined to agree.  Instead he pocketed several of the NASA distributed granola-bars which were designed somewhere underground by DARPA and tore into one immediately.  Laura was quite familiar with the bars herself having, on more than one occasion, brought them back home to Mike and Kevin, who had liked them a lot more than she did.  They didn’t taste bad with their genetically engineered oats, synthetic chocolate and hundreds of chemicals designed to improve production, however.  By her recollection…the ones from Walmart were worse.

While slowly sipping her water, Laura stood and listened to him lip-smack his way through two of the questionable “health food” bars and she couldn’t help but to think about her Commander again.

“Everything a growing cosmonaut needs to become big and strong,” she said more to herself than anything.  It did earn an “Hmm?” from Nick, however, whose mouth was too full to say anything else.  “Oh…it’s just something Dimitri liked to…you know what, never mind.”  Now was not the time for nostalgia.  Once she felt certain that the ex-Brit’s mouth was empty enough to speak, she put a little more pressure on what she knew was an already sore spot.  “So Nick…Commander Milner.  You got so upset because of what she’s done…right?  I mean…you would have laid down your life for her and now she’s trying to kill you?  Believe me, the hellish irony isn’t lost on me…I can understand how painful that must be.”

Laura waited patiently for Nick to respond, hoping for some continuation of the story.  There were still so many questions that needed answering.  Not the least of which was: where the hell was Rukia in all of this?  She had been wary to bring up the subject of her friend since the last time they’d heard from her she painted quite the picture of opposition between herself and Nick, in particular.  As she waited, his unspoken seconds turned into minutes and the longer it stretched, the more uncomfortable she began to feel.  She would have given anything to see his face.  There was no way for her to know exactly how much time had passed before Nick cleared his throat and broke the silence or that he had been spending those minutes fighting to keep his emotions in check, but it was long enough that she would’ve said something herself had he not beaten her to it.

“You’ve got it wrong, Miss Hillman.”

“Laura,” she corrected him; “Laura’s fine.”  It wasn’t so much that she felt the current situation dictated less formality…which it did…but rather a case of her really not wanting to hear her last name, “Hillman”, said aloud.  It was the name shook took from her husband and shared with her child and, unfortunately, she might never be able to hear it again without thinking of them both involuntarily.  It was yet another unanticipated idiosyncrasy in the brave, new world that was the rest of her life.

“Laura…right, of course,” Nick agreed before releasing his hundredth sigh in the last hour.  “There’s really no easy way to say this…so I guess I’ll just say it.  The Commander is…”  Nick didn’t get to finish his sentence…or if he did, she was unable to hear it.  Without warning, a vibrating alarm filled the room, echoing off the kitchen’s metal walls and creating the effect of two or even three sets of competing digital beeps.  It was accompanied by flashing red emergency lights she was unable to see and when Nick spoke again, he had to do so at very nearly the top of his lungs.

“It’s a lockdown!” He screamed.  “She’s found us…we have to go now!”  Grabbing her hand, he jerked her towards the door with significantly more force than he meant to, almost sending her to the floor again.  As difficult as it had been to trying to navigate her environment without the benefit of sight, it was unimaginably worse now that her hearing was being taken away as well.  The simple act of just placing one foot in front of the other became a Herculean task and Laura allowed herself to be pulled more than progressing by her own volition.  One foot shuffling behind the other, she prayed she wouldn’t trip over anything…including her own feet.  Well aware that she wasn’t being expedient enough, it didn’t help when Nick called out something from in front of her, most of which was lost to the audio assault.  All she was able to make out was “…need to hurry…” and “…trapped for good…” She felt like she had a pretty good idea what he was trying to get across.

They made it out of the kitchen just before the doors sealed themselves and the blaring echoes behind them, apparently locking in the process, and part way through the Rainbow Room before the familiar alarm erupted again.  The open space and linen-draped walls of the dining area absorbed a large portion of the mentally grating blasts, allowing her to think…and walk…a little straighter than she had in the confined spaces of the kitchen.  Moving much quicker as a result, the motley pair easily made it out of the “lounge”.  Oddly enough, however, the alarm stopped as soon as they did, ceasing the exact moment they crossed the threshold.  The door didn’t close and lock and they stopped just outside of it.

“She’s fucking with us,” Nick concluded and after a moment; “I need you to hang tight for just a second.”

“What?  What the hell are you talking about?”  She didn’t sound happy.

“I dropped my bag…I have to run back in and get it.”

“What bag?”

“I had a bag with some supplies: food, medicine and the like.  I’d been grabbing stuff as we went and it must’ve fallen off my shoulder back there.  I think I see it…it’s not far.  It will only take a moment to run back in and grab it.”

“What about the door?” Laura asked; “The alarm?”

“That alarm is nothing more than a twenty-second warning of a lock-down.  Even she shouldn’t be able to over-ride it.  If it goes off again, I should have more than enough time.  I’ll be quick.”  He pulled softly and, reluctantly, she let his hand slip away.  She couldn’t have really stopped him anyway.  As hard as it was to accept, the fiercely independent woman she had been was having to come to terms with her current state of vulnerability and it was having to do it so damn fast that it probably wasn’t good for her psyche.  The state of dependence she’d been forced into was bringing back emotions not felt since early childhood and random thoughts that were better suited keeping their distance.  Don’t leave me, Daddy…I’m scared of the dark without you.

She followed his hustling progress as well as she could with his offering; “Almost got it”, “Here it is”, and “I’m coming back now” to aide her as he went.  Laura could hear his heavy breathing again once he was only a few feet away but he never quite made it back to her side.  The door to the Rainbow Room’s main entrance did close and lock…without warning…sealing off the space between them with an airtight and soundproof glass door.  If she hadn’t lost the ability to see, the sight of Nick screaming and pounding on the other side of the door, eyes wild and panicked, would have probably made her sick.  Instead, her only awareness was of the low, vibrating hum of “Concourse Delta” and the complete and utter helplessness felt in the pit of her stomach.  It was 1979 again and all she wanted to do was to pull the sheets over her head to hide from the monsters under her bed and in her closet.  Laura could feel herself regressing exponentially and she was getting dangerously close to the point of not coming back.

“Laura?”  A voice broke through her psychological swan dive…a familiar voice…and the joy she felt upon hearing it played a crucial part in holding back the madness.  There was still the fear that it may have been an auditory hallucination and when she heard, “Oh God, Laura…it is you,” her chest swelled as she tried to keep her ailing eyes from producing any tears.

“Rukia!” she cried towards the direction of the voice and then the women were clutching each other in a warm embrace.  It seemed like a lifetime since they had been together face to face and yet…neither of them wanted to let go.

“I was so worried about you Rukia.  I thought maybe Commander Milner had done something with you.” Laura whispered as they hugged.

“I’m sorry Laura.  I couldn’t say anything until I got you away from Nick.  I’ve been monitoring you guys and waiting for a chance to isolate you.  You have no idea how lucky you are.”  Laura pulled back and shook her head.

“I don’t understand.  Nick was trying to help.”

“No Laura…you don’t understand.”  Rukia’s voice had something of an edge to it.  “I don’t know what Geary said or did to you but…he’s a master liar.  If I were to tell you what he had planned for all of us it would sicken you.  The man is a lunatic; I probably saved your life.”  That was so hard to believe.  Nothing anyone was saying seemed to make a lick of sense.  Laura made a half-hearted attempt to sort the drastically different accounts when she remembered the most important thing.

“Dimitri!  We have to go back and help Dimitri.”

“Yea,” Rukia agreed; “we do.  I already moved Wang to a secure location but Commander Kapirski will still need our assistance.  I managed to get him on a stretcher but haven’t had a chance to move him.  I thought it was more important to stay close to you and Geary…watch for my opportunity.  I…I don’t know what I would’ve done if he had hurt you.”  Laura could hear the sincerity in her voice and it did nothing but further cloud her ability to judge the situation.  If she could just get a clear picture of exactly what was happening on Olympus, it would make dealing with it a whole, hell of a lot easier.

“Where is Commander Milner in all of this?”  Jill Milner felt like the missing piece of this puzzle.  “In the last communication you said she’d been put…what…in the brig?  Is she still…I mean…can we find her?”

“Definitely.”  Rukia squeezed Laura’s hands which she’d still been holding.  “I got her out of lock-up shortly after I was able to free myself.  We can go see the Commander right now.”  Not what Laura was expecting, the revelation came as a genuine shock and, despite the other woman’s words, she couldn’t stave off the feeling of mistrust she had for the OSS’s, should be former, commanding officer.  Maybe it was just the fact that she was the only crew member Laura had yet to encounter but ever since the first signs of chaos aboard the station made themselves known, she stayed behind the scenes.  It seemed logical to presume that she was the one pulling the strings behind the crew’s animosity; she was the Commander, after all.

“Okay…let’s do that.”  Laura was still wary but…she needed to know.  Commander Milner, or “Jill” if she believed Nick, could either be a strong ally if there was a schism in power here…or…or she will have found the mastermind behind all their current troubles.  Rukia said, “Okay” and Laura let her lead the way, making better progress than she did with Nick insistence on sneaking but amazed, nonetheless, that her muscles allowed her to continue on at all.  The fear of dropping at any second and passing out from exhaustion was a legitimate concern.

For that reason more than any other, Laura remained relatively quiet as they went, the majority of her cognitive abilities spent concentrating on continuing to place one foot in front of the other and staying upright.  Rukia remained relatively distracted as well, the tablet which she kept constantly in hand consuming most of her attention with its readings on all of Olympus’s operations.  The current situation had obviously forced her into a role with a lot more responsibility than that of a Communications Officer and it seemed the station only continued to function properly through her diligence…at least that’s the way it sounded as she spent the majority of her time tapping away at the touchscreen.  It would have been impressive as hell if Laura had a spare synapse to fire off a thought about it.

Laura didn’t bother to ask where Rukia was leading her and Rukia never bothered to tell her.  In her current state of exhaustion, bouncing from one frantic situation to another, she had given herself fully to the notion of now being safe.  Having been found by her old friend, learning that Dimitri was no longer laying on cold steel, and that both Alex and Nick…dangerous or not…were contained and alive was incredibly cathartic.  It gave her well-worn adrenal glands a much deserved break.

They weren’t required to actually walk but for a short distance before Rukia was steering them into a mobility chamber: a glorified elevator than ran horizontally as well as vertically.  It was probably a good thing too as, even with transportation, it took nearly twenty minutes to arrive at their destination.  By the time Rukia was sliding her onto the hard, metal stool, Laura was so grateful to take the weight off her feet that it felt as good as a Lazy-Boy.  The stool was attached to a table which Laura surmised to be a dining area and she put her head down on her arms like pre-school nap-time.  All she wanted was to sleep.  The second she quit fighting it she was out.

When she finally came back to her sleeve was wet with drool and it felt like it had probably been a significant amount of time.  Much like her time in the capsule, however, the ability to properly detect and measure increments of time was impaired beyond the point of any degree of reliability.  Her body’s internal-clock had always been a source of consistency and it came as a shock to discover how closely tied it was with her ability to monitor an actual clock.  Outside of the steady hum of a few electric devices or appliances, the room was completely silent.

“Rukia?” she called out, her voice echoing off the cold walls.  The acoustics sounded very similar to the kitchen she had been earlier with Nick.

“I’m here,” Rukia replied from somewhere across the room.  “You’re okay.”  Laura was still tired and weak and for the first time in a week her stomach was showing some interest in food.

“How long was I asleep?”  She could hear Rukia coming closer as she replied.

“Not too long…but you were out good.  I figured you probably needed to recharge a bit.”  She wasn’t wrong about that.  “You were asleep just long enough for me to take care of Geary.”   Any residual fogginess was quickly blown away and Laura shook her head.

“What do you mean, ‘take care of’?  What did you do to Nick?”

“Relax.”  Rukia plopped down into the seat next to hers and put her hand on her friend’s shoulder.  “It’s all okay now.”  Her words were steady and even and did a great job at conveying their honesty.  “Geary and Wang have both been processed…now we’re all on the same page.  There won’t be any more struggling for power, only…survival.  We can take care of Commander Kapirski together and then the future can be…well…whatever we want it to be.”  Julia had no idea was the Asian woman was referring to when she spoke of the men being “processed” but it could have been any number of things from a decontamination routine to binding agreement.  Regardless, the fact that they would all be getting along again was great news…except…

“Wait a second…”  It surprised her that it took so long for the thought to reveal itself but, given the strenuous ordeal her mind had been made to endure, it probably shouldn’t have.  “What about Commander Milner…Julie?  I thought we were going to see her?”

Rukia sighed and took her hand off Laura’s shoulder.  “Listen,” her voice took on a somber tone; “I wasn’t completely honest with you.  Thing is…I didn’t want to lay too much on you at one time.”

“Rukia,” Laura tried to match her even quality, not yet sure how to play the coming seconds.  “I think now would be the time to go ahead and lay it all on me.  I appreciate your concern…but I’m not a child you need to protect.”  There were a few moments of silence as Laura allowed Rukia time to consider her words, except it wasn’t complete silence.  Beneath the electric hums and even their breathing there was a small, gritty sound Laura knew very well.  Having heard it from her father for her entire life until his death, she knew that Rukia was grinding her teeth together.  She also knew that it was generally a result of stress.

“Okay…” Rukia began; “here’s the truth.  Commander Milner had been forced into the brig, as I stated before, but what I didn’t tell you was…that she committed suicide while she was in there.  By the time I was able to get to her…she was gone.  I was too late.”  She took a moment to swallow the lump in her throat before continuing.  “It had all been too much for her; the bombs on Earth and the mutiny had her on the edge and then when she was told that the Daedalus never made lift-off…it just…pushed her over, I guess.”

Laura understood why Rukia hadn’t wanted to tell her.  It was tragically sad and, even though she had never met the woman, she could see how the news of someone killing themselves due to enduring horrible circumstances…and then learning of new ones…might not be the best story to share with someone who was also enduring horrible circumstances.  Rukia had chosen the temporary sin of omission over deluding what was already thin morale.

“Oh Rukia…I’m so sorry.”  She was too.  It had to have been a devastating loss.  Laura put her arms around her friend and the two women embraced for several seconds before Rukia quickly pulled away.

“Oh shit…”  Something had her attention.

“What is it?” Laura asked.

“I don’t know…an alarm in engineering…E-Level.  Could be nothing but I need to check it out real quick.  Listen…give me thirty minutes or so and I’ll be back and then we can talk about what we’re going to do.”

“Okay,” Laura nodded her head; “and then get Dimitri.”

“Yea,” Rukia agreed.

“And Nick and Alex too?”

“Yea,” Rukia confirmed; “they’ll be there too.  I have to go Laura.  Try to get some rest.”  She stood and quickly made her way out of the room, calling back to her just before the doors slid shut.  “I’m really glad you’re here with me.”  It put a smile on Laura’s face and she put her head back on the table and spread her arms out in a yawning stretch.  The fingertips of her right hand made contact with an unusual object and, stretching further, she took hold of…something.  Odorless and firm, in vacuum-sealed plastic, it wasn’t completely solid but felt tender and…wet.  If she didn’t know better she would have sworn it was a large, meaty steak.  The problem with that, however, was that there should have been little to no meat aboard the station until…and if…the Ariane-six made contact and it definitely wouldn’t just be laying around on a table like this.

Rukia must’ve had it out for her next meal.  Satisfied with the probable logic of that possibility, Laura would have let it go too had her hand not encountered second package, differently proportioned but similar in consistency to the first.  She carefully slid down two seats until she found herself directly in front of a small pile of the mystery packages.  Working them through her hands one at a time and wracking her brain in the world’s worst “guess the Christmas present” game, she finally came across one she could recognize and it made her throw up a little water into her mouth.  It was a human foot.  The horror that gripped her as she held the wrapped appendage in her hands would not allow her to drop it even though that was all she wanted to do.  Her mind seemed as frozen as her body and the only thought she could produce was, this can’t be real, which repeated over and over.

It took a considerable mental exertion to free her hands of the offensive object and Laura struggled to consider her options.  Was she really going to just sit here and wait on Rukia without knowing for sure?  There was always the possibility, albeit unlikely, that she had misconstrued and misinterpreted what she thought she just felt but…she had to know for sure.  Reluctantly, she slowly peeled away the gel-infused bandage from her eyes and tried blinking several times.  Remarkably, and with complete thanks to the Prometheus injection, they were already significantly better.  There was a slight burning sensation and a large black spot that filled the center of her vision but the flashing was gone and if she concentrated she could make out the items on the edges of her periphery without actually looking directly at them.

It took several mind-numbing minutes of practice and an on-setting headache before she could turn herself at the proper angle to discern the pile of packaged meat…and yes…it was meat.  It was identifying a woman’s hand that put her in motion, however.  It was definitely time to get the hell out of there.  Scanning the room and, in turn, locating the exit proved to be even more difficult.  Every time she thought she saw something useful her instinct was to look at…and then obscure…whatever it was.  It was frustrating to no end…but it was better than being blind.

Sorting out her environment was time consuming but it eventually came together.  She was in another kitchen…a very large kitchen which seemed to spread out endlessly.   She had navigated past a couple of preparation tables before stumbling across a large, wooden butcher’s block drenched in bright red blood which she could only take in at a cock-eyed angle.  There was something with stained metal buried in the wood but the persistent instinct to look right at it kept her from fully distinguishing its form.  It was disturbing, nonetheless, and her best guess was that it was a meat cleaver.

Walking sideways to navigate her way around the gory table, she nearly lost her balance when her foot slipped in a slicked puddle of red.  Even with her poor tracking abilities, the sickening trail of blood was easy to follow, leading past the pile of soaked and shredded OSS uniforms and straight to the vacuum sealing machine where it began to dry and become sticky.  The pile on the large table next to the machine designed to maintain the freshness of food for the long haul of deep space nearly took her breath away.  The segmented parcels made it impossible to equate to human form but the sheer mass of it dictated that it had to be more than one…person.   Laura’s stomach lurched violently and she was suddenly grateful there was nothing for it to produce.  Had Rukia done this?  Was she looking at the remains of Alex, Nick and Jill?  It seemed inconceivable and was at such odds with everything she knew as sanity.

Spinning on her heels and nearly slipping in blood once again, Laura decided she had lingered long enough when the door, which she had yet to locate, slid open somewhere to her left.  She cocked her head and did her best to target the direction but could make out very little beyond the fact that someone had entered.

“Laura…don’t freak out.”  Rukia was back…and she was taking slow, deliberate steps in Laura’s direction.  “You need to let me explain.”  With each step her friend took towards her, Laura would take one in the opposite direction, keeping her neck strained at the uncomfortable angle required to pin-point the movement.  “This is just about simple math.  Without the supplies from the Ariane-six, six people would have survived for no longer than three weeks.  That’s it…three weeks…and then we all die horrible deaths anyway.”  Laura nearly fell over a plate stand, knocking the top two or three to floor with a crash and for a split-second lost Rukia completely.  Fortunately, she didn’t seem to be trying to take advantage and continued with the slow pace of both her words and her steps, allowing Laura plenty of time to locate her again.

“However…if we supplement our resources with eight-hundred pounds of high-protein meat and cut that number down to two then…well…we can make it.  We only have to survive for two years before it would be safe enough to take the Daedalus back to Earth.  I’ve worked this problem through several times, Laura…you have to believe me.  There’s only one way for two people to make it out of this alive.”

Still backing away and sickened to her core, Laura didn’t know how to reply.  The reality and full implications of Rukia’s words were slowly seeping into her realm of acceptance, one dreadful thought at a time.  Nick said Rukia told them the Daedalus didn’t make it.  Rukia said Jill killed herself from hearing the same thing.  It was Rukia all along…she was responsible for all their deaths.  Laura’s faith in human nature was being torn away, one painful strip at a time, and she could feel the qualities that made her the person she was going with it.  No matter how this situation resolved itself, she would be a fundamentally different person afterwards.

Then there was the big question: why hadn’t Rukia tried to kill her?  When she said “two people,” had she meant the two of them?  If that was the case, then…Oh Dear Lord no…

“Two people?” Laura blurted out, surprising even herself with the volume.  “Rukia…did you kill them…all?  What about Dimitri!  Did you kill Dimitri?”  The combination of her forceful screams and still trying to keep Rukia’s general vicinity in view sent Laura backwards and she braced herself against a table to keep from tumbling over.  As soon as she felt the moisture on her hands, she knew which table she had grabbed.  Too furious to be revolted, she held her bloody palms up in what she hoped was the right direction.  “Is this HIS blood?!” she screamed again before pausing to let Rukia respond.  Rukia sighed and this time Laura could barely hear it over her own panting.  Now that she was relying more on her eyesight again, her cochleae and ear-drums were no longer pulling Superman duty.

“Laura…” Rukia’s voice sounded like she was talking to a small child who would barely understand the words.  “I already told you.  It’s going to take two of us to process him…he’s a big guy.  Until he’s processed, it doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to kill him.”

“So he’s alive?” Laura interrupted.

“For now…yea.  The Commander is still strapped down on a stretcher in Bay Six.”  Laura felt some sense of hope return, having gotten the answer she was least expecting but it far from outweighed the shock she felt at Rukia’s presumption.

“And you honestly thought I was going to help you to…what…kill him…cut him up…eat him?  Are you out of your fucking mind?”  Laura hoped she knew it was a rhetorical question because the woman was quite obviously as mad as the Hatter, sans the limericks and witty repartee.  “I would rather die than do something like that, Rukia.  I would have thought you’d know that.”

“Well Laura…that’s always an option…but…before you make that kind of decision I think you should know all the facts.”

“Facts?” Laura cried; “What bloody ‘facts’?  The only ‘fact’ I see is that you’re as big a psychopath as the people responsible for killing my husband and child.  You better hope there’s not an after-life because there’s a special place in hell for you, bitch!”  Rukia’s demeanor seemed unfazed by her outburst.

“Laura…I know you’re upset…but please, hear me out.”  She paused for a moment and, when Laura didn’t interrupt, decided to continue; “The Commander’s being alive isn’t just for…freshness.  I said ‘two people’ because it will take a minimum crew of two in order to maintain Olympus.  This is only even possible because of the work I’ve been doing since we lost contact with the Earth.  The way I’ve adjusted the systems are very specific and therefore…one of those crew members must be me.  The other can either be you or the Commander and…because I wanted it to be you…I wanted to let you decide.

But be aware that this only works one way mathematically.  Just in case you’re thinking that Olympus could hold a crew of three…don’t.  It will skew the numbers just enough to make the whole endeavor futile…and essentially…a waste of lives.  For there to be meaning in any of this…it has to be two people.  Two people…two years.”

Laura couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  Rukia sounded too calculating and articulate to be insane but she was definitely a sociopath, ascribing no real value to any human life other than her own.  It suddenly seemed odd that she had chosen Laura as her favorite based on what was now such ancient history and knowing how little Rukia seemed invested in previous attachments.

“You honestly believe Dimitri will help you to cut and eat…me?”  Laura knew Dimitri more than well enough to know that he would never go along with something like this.  Rukia suddenly closed the distance between them in half and Laura could do nothing but stagger and try to see her…which was hard to do without looking at her.

“Well here’s the thing Laura…I won’t need his help to kill or cut you up.  You’re not as sizable a job as he would be.  Once it’s just the Commander and I who are left…well, I think you know he’ll believe whatever I tell him.  Including the freak shipment of four sides of beef that came in with the last supply run.  I don’t know…maybe I’ll come up with something better.  The point is…whatever it is…he’ll believe me.”  Laura was scared.  She had lost everything that held any importance to her except Dimitri…and now she was being told that the only way she could live was if she lost him as well.  All things considered, it made sense to just give up.  If there was nothing left to live for then why bother living?  Except…down deep, where the primal instincts and urges lived, she wanted to live.  Beyond rationality and defying logic…she wanted to live dammit, and it wasn’t for the pursuit of happiness.  That ship had sailed.  It was that thing inside of her that told her she had to…what was it Rukia had said…survive.

Sliding her hands back to the cutting table again, Laura began reaching out behind her as nonchalantly as she could before finding and taking hold of the cleaver’s handle.  She was only able to pull off the illusion because of the funky angle she was already standing at in order to keep Rukia somewhat targeted.

“Okay,” Laura said; “I’ll do it.  I’ll help you.”

“Really?” Rukia sounded hopeful.

“But you have to answer one question for me first…and be honest.”

“Okay,” she nodded, still not noticing Laura’s left hand gripping the dull end of the chopping device embedded in the wood-grain table-top.

“Why me?   You said you wanted it to be me…so…why me?”  Now that Rukia was closer, Laura could hear her grinding her teeth again, this time much louder than before.  It was her ‘tell’.  She was about to reveal something she didn’t want to, which meant she was probably going to be telling the truth.  Rukia had to believe they were beyond the point of lies now, anyway.  Laura hoped so, at least.

“I chose you, Laura Hillman, because, next to me, you have the smallest body size and caloric intake to provide maximum output efficiency.  The odds of my survival are twelve percent better with you than the Commander.”  If there were any laughter left in Laura’s soul, she would have laughed.  She wanted to laugh.  There was no doubt Rukia was telling the truth because it reflected her cold and calculating nature perfectly.  She didn’t choose Laura to be her last neighbor ever for any reasons of friendship or even familiarity.  It really was a math equation to her where “X” equaled “co-worker” and “Y” equaled “TV dinner” and it really didn’t matter who was which variable as long as it came out to “Z”: her continued and extended existence.

The answer wasn’t exactly what Laura was expecting but it was close enough to push her to the end of her own little calculation.  Was her desire to live, despite the multitude of reasons not to, stronger than her desire to make sure that Rukia didn’t?  Was self-preservation “greater than or lesser than” the chorus of her blood-thirsty nerves screaming in unison to bury the blade somewhere deep in Rukia’s skull?  It, for damn sure, wasn’t “equal to” and Laura knew with complete certainty that the other woman’s life needed to be ended; she shouldn’t be alive for even another minute.  Even if she were the very last human in existence…she would need to be put down.  Like a rabid dog, it was an act of mercy; that kind of sickness just…shouldn’t exist.

Laura yanked on the meat cleaver’s handle with every ounce of energy she had.  In her mind, she saw the large cutting device sliding free from the wooden surface and then gliding through the air in one swift and fluid motion.  It would make contact with Rukia long before she’d even registered an incoming attack…maybe not a killing blow, but good enough to get the party started.  A single, lethal strike was a better death than she deserved anyway.  The problem with all of that, however, is that the cleaver refused to budge.  She yanked a second time and, of course, by this point it was painfully obvious what she was trying to do.

The third time seemed like it might be the charm, as the handle moved just a bit, and Laura turned her head to reestablish a bearing on her ex-friend.  Inconveniently timed as it was, she was able to catch the movement before her nose took the worst part of Rukia’s fist, shattering the bridge and sending her sprawling to the floor in a pool of other people’s blood.  Her face felt like it was on fire, except burning from within.  Laura tried looking up through the red haze and could barely see Rukia straddled over her.  The psychopath was so close that the black spot only concealed her face and chest, so Laura was able to easily detect the meat cleaver dangling from her right hand.  Sure…after she’d loosened it up for her.

“I’m not going to lie, Laura…I’m a little disappointed.” Rukia expounded.  “For some reason, I really thought you were going to see things my way.  I thought we could…well…I don’t know what I thought.  I guess it doesn’t matter now.”  She raised the cleaver in a striking position and Laura held her hand up in front of her face, knowing full well it was a useless gesture.  “I’m make sure the Commander gives a eulogizing toast in your honor the first time we dine on your liver.  I’m sure it will be very moving.”  Laura couldn’t see her face, but she could swear she heard a smile in that sick bitch’s voice.  “In the meantime…try not to fight this.”

Rukia raised the blade over her head and began arcing it down with as much force as she could muster which, given her already proven ability to butcher, was probably quite a lot.  Laura prayed it would be quick and relatively painless and she wondered if she would get to see Mike and Kevin again…but that wasn’t the same thing as acceptance.  She didn’t want to find out what happens when you die.

As the blade slid through the air, it glinted the florescent kitchen lights on one of its only clean spots and momentarily completed her blindness.  In that same instant there was a hollow pop from across the room which made Laura think, of all things, of champagne being opened.  In the back of her mind Kevin’s voice asked, “Is it a special occasion, Mommy?”  Perhaps it was.  Rukia suddenly lost her grip on the deadly cutlery, sending it flying from her hand and clanking away unseen; and Laura had no idea what had happened. Due to the flash of light and the ever-present blank spot, she was unable to see the look of astonished surprise on Rukia’s face.  Nor did she see the thin line of red that had begun to run down her cheek from the tiny hole in her temple.

Laura remained frozen in her spot on the floor, like a child waiting for admonishment, for the several long seconds that Rukia continued to stand there.  Face burning, eyes stinging, she waited for some type of aggressive impact, the fight all but beaten from her, and it came as a complete shock when her tormentor tumbled down on top of her, crumpling into an immobile pile.  Laura screamed and desperately tried to pull herself from beneath the lifeless body, much heavier than she would have imagined, while her hands and feet slipped in the blood.  For one horrifying split-second, she was convinced that it wasn’t going to happen…and then Rukia’s body was lifting itself off of her.  No…it was being lifted.  Another second later…she was too.

The searing ache and pooled blood around her nose and eyes had her nearly blinded again, but she knew she was safe the moment she felt the strong arms wrap around her and lock her into their embrace.  It was Dimitri.  Her commander, co-pilot, protector and dear, dear friend had promised to keep her safe no matter what and somehow…he kept his promise.  Held tightly in his arms and covered in blood, it was the only place in the universe that she wanted to be in that moment and Laura found herself unable to hold back the torrent of salty tears, despite the acidic pain they brought with them.  Seemingly, the roller-coaster ride of emotions had come to an end and it had cost her everything to ride it.  The relief that it was over, even for just that moment, was like nothing Laura had ever dreamed…or desired.

Over the next twelve hours, she passed in and out of consciousness.  Dimitri had set her up in a Med Bay bed near Prometheus so that she could take hourly injections.  Prognosis was twenty-twenty eyesight in three days and broken nose healed in about a week but the first few hours were obviously going to be the worst and the pain medication kept her from asking any questions.  At the fourth hour, after the most intense pain had passed and the opiate fog had subsided somewhat, she mustered the single word that covered her wide range of inquiries: “How?”

“I’m a big guy…” Dimitri had chuckled; “How long did you think I would stay unconscious?”

“But,” Laura pressed; “she said she had you tied down.”  Dimitri laughed again and Laura reflected on just how much she had missed that sound…and how close she had come to never hearing it again.

“I’m Dimitri Kapirski,” his tone saying that should be answer enough.  Laura had always thought that she knew what that meant but now…she hadn’t known anything.  The Commander’s reputation was one of legend and one wouldn’t have been faulted for thinking that it was, in large part, an exaggeration…not that she ever had…but they would have been wrong.  If anything, his lore was probably under-embellished.  For Laura, at least, he was nothing short of a frigging superhero.

While gently cleaning and doctoring her wounds, Dimitri proceeded to tell her the story.  “I think we’ve got the time,” he’d said sarcastically.  Rukia had strapped him to a medical stretcher but, given the number of distractions she was dealing with, neglected to remove the small utility knife from an exterior breast pocket of his Daedalus flight-suit.  Once free, it hadn’t taken him too long to get inside the security and surveillance systems to figure out what Rukia had been up to.  From there, he went to the Commander’s office to retrieve the only firearm on Olympus from the safe with a code that only he and Commander Milner knew.  He was the one that set off the false alarm that drew Rukia away in the first place but then a real issue kept him from getting back to Laura as quickly as he’d wanted to.

“What about her fail-safe?” Laura asked.  “Rukia made changes to the OSS systems so that only she could keep it running properly…or so she said.  It might have been BS like the rest of her lies, but…should we be worrying about it?”  This didn’t come as a surprise to Dimitri who apparently already knew and didn’t seem overly concerned about it.

“Kanagi was a bright officer…very clever…but foolish to think that she could do anything that I couldn’t undo.  I helped design most of the critical systems on this station and the complexity of Olympus is well beyond her.  Frankly, if she had kept the station on the rotational path she had chosen, it would have torn itself apart in a few days.  There was a reason I was chosen to be the first Commander for a fully operational Olympus.”

“I guess she wasn’t as smart as she thought she was,” Laura offered.

“Yea,” he agreed; “She was a great astronaut and Coms officer…not so good with the engineering and engines.  Even if she was the best in her field there was still nothing she knew that I hadn’t already taught to hundreds of others.  There was nothing unique or special about her…not like you.”  Laura pulled Dimitri close and held him tightly once again…so grateful for his being there.

“She was a ‘special’ piece-of-shit,” she whispered into his ear, bringing yet more of that laughter that was like a balm for her soul every time she heard it.

“That she was,” he whispered back; “I’m ashamed to say that she had me fooled.”

“Don’t beat yourself up over it.  She had us all fooled.”  Dimitri nodded and a grim expression came over his face.  Laura had mixed feelings over it.  It was never a look she wanted to see on his face, but it was hard not to feel some joy in the fact that she could see it.  There was still some blurriness and the fine details were obscured but Prometheus had delivered on its promised miracles.

“What is it Dimitri?”  She could tell that he was considering whether or not to reveal what was weighing on him and decided that the concealment of information was coming to an end, once and for all.  “You don’t get to decide what’s for me to know or not for me to know anymore.  It’s just us.  We have to tell each other everything.  Do you understand?”  His face went from grim indecision to solemn certainty.  He knew she was right.  Neither one of them had even bothered considering what it would be like living out the rest of their lives, but if it was just them…secrets would have to be a thing of the past.

“Okay…” Dimitri began and Laura could tell that the words were hurting him to say.  “The reason I didn’t get back to you quicker…when I distracted Kanagi earlier…was because of an incoming transmission from…”  He sighed and shook his head.  “…the Ariane-six.  She’ll be here in ten hours.”

Laura’s face ran pale with quiet shock and her eyes began to pool with fat tears, even though she was sure they had all run dry.  The Ariane-six and all her supplies had actually made it.  Rukia Kanagi’s horrific algebra was pointless.  Not that her reason for murdering the people that trusted her was a good one in the first place…but now…even it had no merit.  Her callous selfishness was the perfect cosmic reflection of the evil motivations that culled the Earth with nuclear fire and, in the end, it proved to be just as meaningless.  It was sickening.  Rukia had known damn well that it was impossible to write-off the Automated Transfer Vehicle without some time passing, as she claimed to have told her crew, and yet…she had begun to implement her cannibalistic plans within hours of the first bombs falling.  It wasn’t calculating…it was evil.

After several minutes of stunned silent sobbing, overwhelmed by the sadness of it all, Laura finally shook her head and asked, “Is this what we are as a species…murderers…takers…destroyers?  Is this what ‘humanity’ is?”  She paused to sigh but it came out as a mournful moan instead.  “Because I don’t think I know anymore.”  Dimitri put his hand to her chin and pushed her healing eyes to meet his own.

“We…you and I…Dimitri and Laura Olympus…are what ‘humanity’ is.  Our species is whatever we decide to make it.”  Laura nodded in agreement.  “And in the coming days, weeks, months and, hopefully, years…what we need to be…is strong.”


I touched the button in the middle of the screen, and a quick blue flash filled the room.

I turned my phone’s screen towards me, and looked at the photo I had just taken. I was smiling, and my new fluffy kitten was nestled into my arm, looking off to one side. I gently placed her onto the bed, where she sat down and curled a thick white tail around delicate black paws and blinked at me slowly with bright green eyes.

She had been the only female in the litter, and instead of being covered in lots of black patches like her siblings, she only had one black patch on her cheek and four matching black paws. Today I was able to bring her home, and was taking lots of pictures to remember the day.

On the bedside table was a little red collar with a bell. I picked it up, tore off the price tag, and fastened it around her neck. I walked over to the bed, and sat as she wandered curiously around the room, and eventually towards the old antique mirror in the corner of the room. I watched amused as she curiously sniffed at her reflection, fogging up the glass briefly with each breath.
I began scrolling through my recent photos, deleting those I was unhappy with.

Meanwhile my tiny cat had begun growling at the mirror, fluffing herself up to twice her size, baring her teeth. Her reflection mimicked her, hissing and spitting right back. I laughed as I watched her reach out a paw to strike at the glass, and then bounce backwards. She made one last snarl at the mirror, before turning and fleeing under the bed. “Silly kitty” I muttered
I sat up to go retrieve her from under the bed, when I noticed a white flash by the mirror.

The kitten’s reflection was still there, frozen in a snarl, staring directly into the room. It slowly reached out one paw, and rested its pink pads on the other side of the glass before it rippled like water. The kitten pressed harder, and the reflection, limb by limb, crawled out of the mirror and stepped delicately, paw by paw into my room. It briefly glanced at me, before it focused its attention under the bed and darted under.
High pitched squealing echoed around the room, and two snarling balls of fur, locked together, rolled out from under the bed, tufts of white fur flying, two collar bells tinkling. One of them started to scrabble away, but the other pounced onto its back, and hammered with its hind paws, causing the pinned Kitten to wail in agony. Teeth dug into her neck, and paws flailed as one of the cats dragged the other by the scruff towards the mirror in the corner. I sat, stunned, positive I was hallucinating.

The two fighting cats sprang apart briefly, and stood panting, tails flicking, fur bristling, staring each other down. I looked from one to the other, trying to work out which cat was which… I desperately tried to remember which side she had her black patch on… One had a black patch on its left cheek, the other on its right. Perfectly mirrored. I panicked, and grabbed my phone, fumbling to turn unlock the screen and see the photos. The most recent picture I had taken popped up, a white kitten in my arms with a black patch on its right cheek. I put my phone down, and crept towards the two cats, on the verge of spring at each other again, and grabbed the kitten with the patch on its left. It’s squirmed and struggled in my arms, sinking its teeth into my skin, and shredding my arm with its thorn sharp claws. I pressed it against the glass as hard as I could. Like water, the glass rippled and the imposter plopped to the carpet on the other side of the glass. It crouched, ready to jump back out.

Terrified, I kicked the mirror as hard as I could and left a huge crack running jagged from bottom to top. My own reflection was mirroring my actions. I kicked again and again until shards of glass fell out of the frame and rained onto the carpet. Breathing heavily, I looked back at my kitten, who was staring wide eyed at me. I scooped her up, and carried her to the bed, cuddling her as she trembled. As I was about to place her down, I noticed my phone still lit up with the picture of us. And my stomach flipped as I spotted the poster in the background had the words written backwards. I had used my phone’s front camera and it snapped mirror images…


My grandfather was an inventor.

All his life he’s be tinkering with something, either taking something that existed and changing it, making it into something brand new (Or at the very least different) or inventing something entirely from spare parts. And while nothing he invented was ever earth shaking it was always one of my greatest delights, ever since I was a little girl, to see what he’d made.

Childhood visits to his home would always begin or end with me sitting on the couch, a look of absolute fascination on my tiny face as he showed off whatever gadget he’d put together in his workshop this time around. It was like having my own personal Santa who worked all year ‘round to fill my eight year old mind with wonder and glee.

My older sister was likewise excited, no matter how much she tried to hide the excitement it filled her with, probably in an effort to appear cooler or more mature than myself. And while, because of real life getting in the way, the visits became fewer and fewer the older we got, we would always make time to see him at least a few times a year. And every time he would have something new to show us.

He really was a genius.

I should add that isn’t meant to imply something horrible happened to him. I’m sure some days he wishes it had, that it had been him who had wound up in that hospital instead of my sister but no, he went in his sleep and I hope that his passing was a peaceful one.

Even all these years later I can’t bring myself to be angry about what happened, can’t bring myself to hate him. He had no idea what would happen, no clue how things would pan out.

He knew something was wrong, oh yes. He wasn’t some doddering old fool. He knew the first time he looked through them that something was wrong but he thought it was something only a little odd, something unsettling and curious perhaps but not anything dangerous. Not anything that would HARM anyone.

I think deep down he just wanted to know that he wasn’t crazy. He wanted to be sure that he wasn’t seeing things. And who can blame him?

There were three of us that year.

Myself and my girlfriend Justine and my sister Joan. We were both used to our grandfather being bursting with energy to show us whatever he’d put together so his oddly subdued mood when he came to the door to greet us came as a bit of a surprise. I was a little disappointed in fact, as I’d been hoping Justine would get to share in the experience of having a new invention demonstrated before our awe struck eyes. We’d only started dating that year so it would be the first chance she got to see the kind of things I’d been telling her about.

The day passed pleasantly enough as we chatted, enjoyed lunch and watched the television together. I think it was
Joan who asked him, finally, if he had anything special to show us today. We knew that he’d been working on something as while this was the first time we’d seen him in person in a while we’d both spoke to him on the phone in the preceding months and he’d eagerly explained to us that he was working on something he thought would be quite extraordinary.

I still couldn’t tell you how he made them, nor would I if I could. Nor could
I tell you what his original idea for those oddly coloured circles of glass had been, before that fateful day he’d looked through them and seen what he’d seen. He never shared details of his work with us beforehand as he wanted it to be a surprise and afterwards I think he was terrified of the thought of anyone replicating what he’d made.

All I know is that when Joan pressed him to reveal his latest invention he looked nervous in a way I’d never seen him before, looked as if he was deeply troubled by something. He hesitated before speaking as if not sure he should say anything at all before explaining to us that the nature of what he was working on had changed after an ‘Unusual event’ and that he wasn’t sure if it would be a good idea to show us the end result.

Now we may have grown since the days when we could perch on his knee but whether someone is two years old or in their twenties the surest way to make them want something all the more is to tell them they can’t have it. So his reluctance (Which at the time I’m sure we BOTH thought was feigned, to heighten the suspense before the unveiling) just made us both want to see his invention more than ever.
With a little persuading he agreed and left to fetch it. He came back a few moments later with what appeared to be a pair of glasses.

With one big difference.

The lenses were like no glass we’d ever seen before. I can’t even describe the colour of it without resorting to words like ‘Red-ish’ or ‘Green-y’ as they didn’t seem to be EXACTLY any colour that we have a name for. In fact they didn’t seem to be exactly any one colour at all, as if you tilted them one way they would look different to if you tilted them another. I know full well that probably sounds more like magic than something a well-meaning old man could put together in his humble little workshop but there you have it.

Joan asked what they did and our grandfather paused for a few moments,
as if not quite certain how to answer.

In the end he told us that we really had to put them on for ourselves as he was certain neither of us would believe him if he told us. Joan wanted to put them on first but as she lifted them off the table he reached out and grabbed her hand.

He cautioned her that it MIGHT be startling at first but that she wasn’t in any danger and that if she got frightened she could just take them off. He warned her that what she was about to see may not make any more sense to her than it did to him but that we were all there and that she was safe. I could tell Joan was a little frightened. She always was lousy at hiding how she felt from people and even I was feeling a bit unsettled by our grandfather being so uncharacteristically ominous about the whole thing.

Joan slipped the glasses on and we waited.

She gasped and then for the next few moments she looked puzzled more than anything. Her lips moved wordlessly and I thought I caught a ‘No…that’s not right’ under her breath as she seemed to look around at something none of us could see.

And then she began screaming.

I don’t know if you’ve ever heard someone scream in horror in real life. I can promise you this; it is not like in the movies. The movies do not convey the awful sound of someone you love screaming their lungs out, making a noise more like an animal than a human being. They cannot make you feel the things I felt in that moment, watching Joan yank the glasses from her head and hurl them across the room.

And nothing could have prepared us for the sight of Joan beginning to claw at her own eyes, screaming louder than anyone should be able to scream as she did it.

It took all three of us to restrain her at first. When we had her pinned down so she couldn’t hurt herself anymore Justine and my grandfather held her that way while I called for an ambulance. I had to watch as she was strapped down and wheeled into the back of one, thrashing and hissing and shrieking like some mad animal, like something utterly consumed by fear.

I explained what had happened, knowing full well how it made me sound. Justine and I both explained the series of events that lead to this to the sceptical if not totally disbelieving hospital staff and then to the specialists called in when nothing short of being tranquilised proved effective at stopping my sister from trying to hurt herself while screaming like that.

The glasses had supposedly ‘Gone missing’ which made proving what had happened difficult. And it wasn’t until almost a year later, long after my sister had been committed, that my grandfather finally confessed to me that he’d destroyed them. I don’t know if having them could have helped, could have given the doctors some way to make things right. I doubt it somehow and I can’t truly blame him for doing what he did, given that it was an act born out of guilt and an honest desire to make sure this didn’t happen again.

I asked him what my sister had seen that day, when he told me what he’d done. I asked what those glasses had done to her. He hadn’t wanted to talk about it and for the first time in my life I’d raised my voice to him, angrily demanding to know, after all this time, just what had driven my sister to this state. What had affected her so deeply, so profoundly that she was now no longer even recognisable as the person I’d grown up with.

He took me to his workshop and began digging around through the bits and pieces that littered the place, the half-finished and now long discarded inventions still awaiting completion, he produced two pieces of glass rather like the ones that had been fitted into those glasses. He told me that there wasn’t any way to describe it without sounding insane, that if I had to know then I had to see. But he begged me not to do this, that knowing wouldn’t make things any better.

He was right.

I held the glass up to my eyes and in an instant everything changed. Instead of just my grandfather stood before me now there were dozens more in the room with us. But they weren’t people.

They were pale and emaciated, hunched over and dressed in dark clothing with black lips and wide lidless eyes that seemed to almost bulge from their skulls in a manner both comical and horrifying all at once. Their mouths were full of hundreds of thin teeth, like needles. Their fingers were grotesquely long and ended in dark and viciously pointed nails that scraped along the floor as they walked. And all of them were talking, or rather their lips were moving soundlessly.

Each and every one of them was trying to say something that couldn’t be heard, dozens upon dozens of voices trying to convey something.

I dropped the glasses to the ground in shock. And my grandfather brought his foot down on them hard; grinding them to powder beneath his foot, muttering that he should have done this in the first place. He put an arm on my shoulder asking if I was alright. I was far from alright and he had been correct…what I had seen had made things worse, not better.

It took me a while to work it out of course. Why this had such a horrifying effect on my sister and yet I had survived the experience, frightened but not sporting the mental scars it had given her.

The glasses only let me SEE the creatures. I couldn’t hear what they were trying to say to me, couldn’t understand the message they were trying to impart.

But my sister was deaf.

She could read their lips


Although there is no internet access or even cell phone service in this tiny cabin where I sit typing, perched on a cliff high above the Pacific Ocean, still I write this blog, in the hopes that it might find some new civilization, long after mankind is gone. That this may be a testament to one man who found faith and religion, after doubting for so long.

You see, I was never a spiritual or superstitious man. I was a man of science. A student. A marine biologist. Before this I never had what one would call faith in anything resembling religion. To me it was all math, everything. The strange mutations of life were simply an exponential progression of evolution. But now, as I see the sacramental fires burning bright on the beach below me, and feel the awakening of the ancients echo in my sleep and dreams, now that I realize that man’s time is over and it is a new beginning for beings much greater and more powerful than our own, I offer up a poem, a sacrament, a narrative, to the events that unfolded before the great awakening.

Let me start at the beginning.

I was a doctoral student at the University of California Santa Cruz working on my PhD in marine biology. Mollusks were my specialty. Specifically Haliotoidea Haliotis rufescens, or as they are known by their common name: red abalone. Abalone are an edible type of sea snail, a marine mollusk, single shell gastropod found in coastal waters around the globe. Like all snails they have a head, with a mouth and a pair of eyes, and a foot which they use to cling to rock formations while using their file like tongue to scrape algal matter into their mouths. They also have an enlarged pair of tentacles. They are considered a delicacy, their flesh being comparable to calamari. Red abalone, the largest and most prized of the species, are found only on the west coast of North America. Red abalone are not endangered but because of overfishing and acidification of oceans they have become rather scarce; that is why, California put a ban on the commercial fishing of them in the 1990s. They can be harvested for personal use only north of San Francisco, April through November, with a hiatus in July, and with a limit of only three a day and a total of eighteen a year.

Since I was writing my doctoral thesis on Haliotis rufescens it was deemed that I should spend the summer in a tiny fishing village called Shelter Cove. There I would study, measure, count and map the abalone and also report any suspicious activities relating to abalone poachers to the California Department of Fish and Wildlife. So, when the school semester ended in June I packed up all my gear (scuba set, books, slides, specimen jars, microscopes) and strapped my kayak to the roof of my trusty old Subaru outback and headed north up highway 101 for Shelter Cove.

Shelter Cove is a quiet little hamlet on the coast of Humboldt County. The sign as you enter declares it, “An Island in Time”. There is only one long, winding road in, which climbs up to nearly 2,000 feet as it transcends the summit of the King Range mountains and, conversely, only that one twisting, dangerous, cliff strewn road out. To the south is nothing but inaccessible shoreline facing steep cliffs, dotted with pockets of tiny beaches where the surf smashes down on jagged rocks, and deep, dangerous tide pools. To the north it is relatively the same, only a thin, potholed, dirt road winding over the cliffs slightly to the east.

This is why this area is known as Humboldt’s Lost Coast. The brave surf and kayak here but it has a notorious rip tide and once an entire troop of tired boy scouts resting on the beach were swooped up by a sleeper wave and sucked out to their deaths in the ocean’s depths.

The lodgings that were given to me consisted of a small cabin, nothing more than a shack really, perched high up on a cliff face. To the right I could see the boat launch the fishermen used, the caged in area where they gutted their catch. A small stretch of beach lay there where locals would drive their pick-up trucks up onto the sandy shore and drink beer and barbeque. To my left was another stretch of beach they called Deadmans, separated from the boat landing by a jutting cliff. Deadmans, a favorite surf spot, is only accessible by the ocean. The surfers have to paddle on their boards around the cliff face to get there.

The only internet access in Shelter Cove is from satellite and the university was too cheap to put one up in the shack they had supplied me with. I couldn’t even get cell phone service to use my phone as a hot spot. So when I had to post my data on the University’s Science Lab website, I would have to travel down the road a few miles to a coffee shop in the lobby of an old hotel that had Wi-Fi. There I could also manage to get cell phone service, but only in the parking lot at the top of a steep embankment.

My closest neighbors lived down a rutted dirt road. A young single mom and her 9 year old girl Suzy.

On my first day, as I was unfastening my ocean kayak from the roof of my battered old Subaru Outback, Suzy rode right up to me on her pink Huffy bike, an inquisitive look on her round little face.

“Who are you?” she asked in that bluntly curious manner children from small towns often have.

“My name’s Theodore.”

She nodded as if she approved of my name, her eyes wandering along all of my equipment.

“What’s all this stuff?”

“This is my scuba gear, these are specimen jars, and these, here in these boxes, are microscopes. With a microscope you can see real small stuff.”

“I know what a microscope is. The sixth graders use them at my school. Why do you have all this stuff?”

“Well, I’m a scientist and I’m here to study abalone.”

“Abalone? Oh gross, my Uncle Bob tries to make me eat that stuff every 4th of July. I don’t like seafood.”

“You live in a fishing village and you don’t like seafood?”

“No. I don’t like anything slimy, stinky, slippery, wet or gross.” She nodded her little head in that authoritative manner she had used when I told her my name and then rode off, leaving me standing there laughing.

After that day, whenever Suzy rode past on her bike and saw me she would stop and talk. Though she claimed to hate slimy stuff- (“Oh!” she’d squeal, “Get it away!” when I held up a baby squid for her inspection), she soon fell prey to the wonders of nature, marveling over a sea urchin or laughing uproariously at the awkward antics of a huge dungeness crab I had brought back from the ocean for her amusement. Her big brown eyes would gleam and her pig tails would bob up and down as she stroked a starfish. I showed her the tiny holes in the mantle of the abalone’s thick domed shell, the respiratory apertures, and explained to her how the sea snail vented water through them with its gills. She stared into the microscope at macro algae and I explained how the abalone fed on them with the small median teeth of the radula. As her enthusiasm began to grow I sensed a future marine biologist in the making and grew to truly love her visits.

I quickly settled into a routine of waking early and taking my kayak out to dive. Even though it was summer the water was cold, averaging about fifty degrees, and I had to wear a full wet suit with a hood and gloves. I would pull my hood over my head, pull down my half mask, put my regulator’s mouthpiece to my lips, and slip into the murky water to explore the underwater rock formations with my flashlight, looking for the domed, brick red shells that are the underwater homes of the abalone who had suctioned themselves to the craggy surfaces. I would count and measure them and then return to my kayak to scrawl out my findings. It was peaceful work but it could be dangerous. Every year dozens of abalone divers wash up dead on the shores, smashed against the rocks by a swell or sucked into dark ocean caves. In 2004 an abalone diver, who ironically worked for the Recreational Fishing Alliance and was on a federal fisher management panel, was attacked by a great white shark while diving not too far south from here, off the coast of Mendocino. When his friends first saw the huge cloud of blood in the water they thought it was some kind of sick joke. They were gravely mistaken. His mauled and ravaged body washed up on shore a day later.

In the evenings I would type out my statistics on my laptop, their average depth and proximity to the shore; and, in my free time, I would wander the desolate shoreline exploring the tide pools while I sipped a local micro-brew and sampled some of the fine cannabis the hills to the east of us were famous for. I’d gaze up at the sky, streaked in pink and purple as the sun sunk down into the ocean, watching pelicans beat their wings in unison as the high pitched wails of young harbor seals echoed off the towering bluffs. I was happy. As happy as I’ve ever been. By my third week I had charted the entire shore line for over half a mile.

At the end of the first month I had made enough inroads with the notoriously secretive locals to be invited to a party.

It was a wild event, held on a sprawling manor that sat on a grassy hillside with the ocean spread out below it. It was the last day of June and there would be a month long hiatus for abalone harvesting all of July, so the abalone divers were throwing a feast. There was abalone wontons, abalone salsa, two kinds of abalone ceviche, abalone sausage, but the most scrumptious was the abalone wrapped in dates, goat cheese and bacon and deep fried. All of this as well as the standard fare of salmon, halibut, cod and oysters. Bottles of wine from nearby vineyards littered the tables and ruddy faced fishermen gathered around kegs of local micro-brew. The sheriff was there in full uniform and when someone passed him a joint he puffed it and passed it on like everyone else.

A week into July I noticed a massive amount of abalone missing off the point of Deadmans.

Abalone concentrate where current flow causes drift seaweed to accumulate. The point of Deadmans was one of those places. Because abalone expand a large amount of energy when moving they tend to stay in one location. Last week the point of Deadmans had been littered with abalone; now, there wasn’t a single one left. I shone my flashlight along the submerged rocks, nothing. I reached my hand into a narrow crevice, felt around the deep fissure for the telltale feel of those thick shells, cautious and aware that a swell could suck me into the narrow space, crush my bones, wedge me in and trap me.

Even if there wasn’t a moratorium on abalone fishing going on an absence of this size was unprecedented. This had to have been some kind of large scale poaching. In San Francisco, in Chinatown, dried abalone sells as an aphrodisiac for $2,000 dollars a pound. A haul this big could easily net over half a million dollars.

First, I alerted the fish and game department. Next, figuring that the poachers, after having exhausted the supply on the point, would now move down into Deadmans cove itself, and that they would most likely come in the early twilight hours, I decided to stakeout Deadmans beach to see if I could catch the poachers if they returned.

The only way accessible to Deadmans cove is over the ocean; so, I hauled my kayak out to the boat launch, slipped it into the dark water, waves lapping at the concrete pier, jumped in and paddled out. There was a full moon but the fog was rolling in thick across the relatively calm water.

I kayaked past the beach where a few pick-up trucks were still parked, surfers relaxing on the shore and having a few beers after a day of riding the waves, and made my way around the towering point of Deadmans, carefully avoiding the crescent of jagged rocks that rose up out of the black water and fog. Paddling into the small cove I rode the surf up onto the beach. Pulling my kayak across the black, pebbly sand to the cliff face, I found a small cave, nothing more than a craggy wrinkle in the bluff, and tucked my kayak into it, camouflaging it with driftwood, dried seaweed and a few handfuls of sand. With my kayak hidden I hiked down the beach and behind a large, washed up tree stump I set up my small one person tent. I hunkered down for the night, staying awake for a good while, but then drifting off to a light slumber, determined to sleep lightly and awaken as early as I could.

In the middle of the night I awoke to a garbled noise. I at first assumed it was the yapping of sea lions; but as sleep left me, I realized it was human voices. It sounded like they were singing or chanting. I poked my head out of my tent. The entire beach was now draped in a thick shroud of fog, but when I peered out into the distance I was startled to see a mass of orange flames flicking up into the night sky. It was a huge bonfire and silhouetted around it appeared to be a circle of people. Was I dreaming? I blinked my eyes and focused on the fire and, yes, around the fire was a ring of people in black, hooded cloaks.

They held hands and slowly circled around the flames, chanting, with the fog swirling around them. On the outside of the circle were others,also in dark cloaks, remaining still as statues, holding torches. They couldn’t see me, hidden in the fog behind the massive log, and I watched curiously. It was definitely strange; but, I just assumed it was a bunch of teenagers getting weird, or, maybe even a coven of old hippy wiccans getting their witch on. Either wouldn’t be unheard of in these parts.

I watched the strange ritual for over an hour till they were done. Then they responsibly put out their fire (which impressed me), burying its smoldering remains in sand, and wandered up into a ravine where a trail took them up the cliff side. So there was a way to Deadmans cove besides the ocean. I would have to scope out that trail when I got a chance. Maybe the abalone thief used it to get to the beach.

Since the strange cultists, or whatever they were, had not waded out into the ocean or given any sign of abalone poaching, I paid them no real mind -live and let live, right? Just a bunch of kooks getting weird. I had often heard that Humboldt County was a weird place and that Southern Humboldt even weirder. I waited all day on the beach for any sign of poachers, eating trail mix and dried fruit, but saw nothing.

When the sun set and the sky began to grow dark I packed up my tent and went and retrieved my kayak. I had been on the beach for over twenty four hours and had seen no sign of the abalone thief. I pushed my kayak out into the surf, jumped in, and paddled back around the point.

That night, even though I was exhausted from my little expedition, I was restless and unable to sleep, tossing and turning in my bed. I went outside onto the cliff edge to smoke a joint and drink a beer to calm my nerves. A slight breeze stirred the leaves of the manzanita and dune tansy that lined the cliff edge, the salty smell of the sea heavy in the air.

It was then I noticed that from up here I could just make out a fire burning on Deadmans below me, tiny silhouettes of circling acolytes around it. I could even make out the torch bearers that encircled the group. They were back, the local weirdos. Probably just a bunch of Goth or metal kids who listened to too much Marilyn Manson. The beer and pot were doing their trick and I yawned, feeling exhaustion take over.

That night I had the first of the dreams.

I dreamed I was in the ocean, deep underwater, beneath the waves, examining the abalone. I ran my finger over their hard outer shell imagining their fimbriated head lobes, their columellar muscle. It was breeding time and I could see their respiratory apertures venting eggs and sperm into the ocean’s water column.

I had no scuba gear. I didn’t need it. It felt as if I had some sort of gills, for I could feel the salty water swooshing in and out of me as it churned, cold and green. Full of fascination I studied the formations of rock and shell as a hand, almost human, crept over the craggy shelf. It was covered in pale, green scales and the tips of the fingers ended in black claws. It reached out and took hold of a Haliotis rufescens’s blood red shell and slowly peeled it off the rock, the slime trail the sea snail uses to locomote leaving a viscous, oozing stain.

I gazed in wonder as a humanoid head then rose up over the rocky ledge. A face with the features of a fish: gills, small holes where the nose should be, massive black, empty eyes. I stared on as the creature put the abalone to its mouth and with fanged teeth pulled the sea snail slowly out of its shell and began chomping on it, swallowing it in quick, eager gulps. When it was done it extended a long, thin, black tongue, forked like the tongue of a snake, and licked the empty shell clean.

So this is the abalone thief, I thought to myself, with the calm and calculating mind of a scientist, without any fear whatsoever.

Then I saw, out in the murky distance of the ocean floor, more. There were more of them, hundreds of them. Maybe even thousands of them. An army of these scaled sea creatures, feeding on the abalone; I realized that they were gaining sustenance to strengthen themselves. They were preparing for something.

This army of creatures was readying themselves for the coming of a being greater than that that has ever roamed this earth. They awaited a great awakening. And in a massive epiphany, I realized the importance of their mission, and that I was needed; I must join them, lend my psychic support, and then I realized what the cult on the beach was doing, what their goal was. Then I looked down at my hands and realized that my hands, too, were webbed and covered in scales. I was one of them.

I awoke bathed in sweat, shivering, unable to dislodge the strange dream from my mind.

The dream was bizarre. Silly. Obviously it had no bearing on reality. Sea creatures poaching the abalone? But something within me felt different. I felt very unscientific. For the first time in my life I felt an inexplicable spirituality: a desire to worship a higher being, a higher power. I also felt very, very scared, though I couldn’t say why.

The next day I searched for the path that lead to Deadmans. I realized that from my cabin, I could walk along the cliff edge, between the clumps of coyote bush and dune tansy, down a hill into a gully that eventually formed into a steep, rocky ravine. Following this ravine down into a small valley I found the trail. Nothing more than a deer or elk path, really.

On an impulse I decided to stake it out that night. To watch and see if that strange group appeared again. Just to check them out, for curiosity sake, and see what they were up to. If I could identify any of them maybe I could question them about the abalone thief. See if they had any good intel on boats or strangers coming or going from the beach.

That night, sure enough, as I crept down to the ravine, I could see the fire burning on the beach below. I positioned myself off the trail and above the cove, just close enough to see the beach fairly well with my binoculars. I crouched down and put the binoculars to my eyes.

I could see that they were holding hands around the fire again, slowly rotating, most likely chanting the strange mumbo-jumbo I had heard last night. I tried to make out their faces to see if I could catch anyone I recognized, but their hoods obscured them and all I could see were dark shadows where their faces should be.

I scanned the gathering with my binoculars and noticed something going on off to the side, some sort of commotion against the cliff wall. Two hooded figures were holding a struggling figure by its arms. I focused my binoculars and what I saw made my mouth go dry and my gut clench. It was Suzy. They were holding little Suzy and she was naked. Naked and struggling. This couldn’t be.

Then, as I watched helplessly above, they pulled her forward to the fire. It took four of those cloaked maniacs to hold the squirming girl down, as another, this one’s robes a crimson red, raised what must have been a knife above her, for it glinted in the moonlight, long and pointed.

I froze.

What should I do? What could I do? There had to be at least a dozen of them down there.

Then it all happened so quickly: the knife fell and I thought I could hear that little voice I knew so well cry out in pain and go silent. The crimson robed one hacked into her chest and pulled out a dark object I could only assume was her heart and brought it to his mouth. He then passed it on, little Suzy’s pale, naked body now limp and crumpled on the sand.

I had to do something. I had to call the cops.

I spun around and clawed myself up off the ravine and as I did my foot slipped and I sent a shower of pebbles and dirt down into the mist covered gully. I froze, my mouth dust dry, clinging to the rock face. Had they noticed? With a pounding heart I started back up.

Once I got to the top I sprinted over the bluffs to my Subaru, now out of breath and huffing. Fumbling with the keys I started the engine and sped down the road. I squealed into the parking lot of the Inn of The Lost Coast, leaped out of my car and with sweaty, shaky hands dialed 911 on my iPhone. When I told the operator what had happened and where I was she transferred me to the sheriff.

“Calm down,” he said, “and explain to me again what happened.”

“I saw them kill her,” I said. “Kill her and eat her heart.”

“Who?”

“Suzy Anderson.”

“Suzy Anderson that lives on the corner of Toth and Steel Head with her mother Cathy?”

“Yes, I’m sure it was her. On the beach at Deadmans.”

“You saying she’s been murdered?”

“Yes.”

“By a cult in hoods on the beach?”

“Yes. Fuck. They ate her goddamn heart. Are you not listening to me?”

“Okay, Ted, okay. Just calm down. Now, listen, what I want is for you to go on home. I’ll check up on this and stop by after I get it all sorted out.”

“But they killed her.”

“Now, Ted…”

“But…”

This time firmer: “Now, Ted!”

“But…”

“Now, no more buts, Ted! You go on home and I’ll see you there. Got it?”

I couldn’t believe how nonchalant the Sheriff was being but what could I do? I would just have to do what he said: go back to my cabin and wait for him.

“Well, okay,” I said and I heard the line go silent. I stared down at the black device in my hand, knowing if I left this one small spot of land it would be rendered useless. I would be cut off from the rest of the world. Alone. But what could I do? He was the sheriff. Even if he was an overweight, pot head, he was the sheriff, and I had no choice but to listen to him.

So I drove back to my cabin and waited. I looked out over the cliff face but I couldn’t see the fire burning anymore. I drank a beer, tried to go over my data, but I was too shaken up. My hands shook so bad I couldn’t even manage to type numbers into the keyboard of my laptop.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door that startled the living shit out of me. Shook me to the bone. Wishing I had just hightailed it out of there earlier, driven away down that long winding road that was the only way in or out, never to come back, I crept up to the door and cautiously pulled the curtain of the window back. Peeking out the window I saw the Sheriff standing at my doorstep with Suzy’s mother Cathy and a little girl.

I tentatively pulled the door open.

“This the girl you saw murdered?” the sheriff immediately barked at me.

I gazed at the little girl before me, a girl the same age and height as Suzy, with similar hair, but definitely not Suzy.

“No. This isn’t her. I said Suzy Anderson.”

The little girl looked up at Suzy’s mother. “What’s he talking about, Mama?”

“This is Suzy Anderson,” the sheriff grumbled. “And this is her mother. Known both of ‘em my whole goddamn life. Now what the hell is going on around here?”

“No. It’s not. That is not Suzy. I saw them kill her!” I shouted. Somebody had to fucking believe me. I gazed up to Suzy’s mother who looked at me like I was crazy and clutched the little girl to her.

“Momma, Ted is scaring me!”

“Okay, you two go wait in the car,” the sheriff mumbled, waving Suzy’s mother and the little girl along.

He then put one of his big, beefy hands on my shoulder and pushed me into the cabin.

“Listen, mister, you’re scaring that little girl half to death and you need to tell me what the fuck is going on.” He spoke into my ear and his breath was hot on my face. “You on drugs? Doing a little meth to stay up all night and do your research?”

He gazed suspiciously around the room, the specimen jars full of bugs and mullosks, the beakers of sea water samples and glass slides. “Do I gotta go get a warrant from my old buddy Judge Johnson and come back here and search this place?”

“Am I on drugs?” I shouted. “Me? I saw you smoking a joint at that party!”

He laughed a hearty laugh and grinned a big shit eating smile. “Hell, son, that’s for my glaucoma. I’ve had medical marijuana for over fifteen years. Was one of the first people in the cove to get it. Everyone knows that.”

I was starting to feel dizzy, the room was beginning to slowly rotate.

“You alright, son? You don’t look so good.”

“But the fire on the beach. Did you check out the fire?”

“Yeah, I went down there. Looks like a bunch of kids was having a party, left fucking beer cans everywhere. But they’re gone now.”

“You went down? How?”

“How do you think? I walked.”

“You know about the secret trail?”

“Secret trail? Damn, you’re a dumb one, ain’t ‘ya? That fucking trail ain’t secret. Everybody knows about that fucking trail.”

I staggered back. The sheriff pulled out a chair and pushed me heavily into it.

“I saw it. I saw them kill her. Kill her and eat her heart.”

“You didn’t see nothing, son. Sometimes the light of the moon reflecting off the water, the sound and rhythm of the ocean, they can play tricks on your mind. Trust me, I’ve seen many a good man go a little crazy out here. Shelter Cove is known to have its share of crazies and they didn’t all start out that way.”

I sunk my face into my hands and shook my head.

“But, I… but, I…”

He put his big mitt of a hand on my back in a tender way, gave me a pat. “Tell you what, son. You get some rest. Sleep on it. I’ll come back tomorrow afternoon and we’ll talk again. Even take a little walk down to that beach. I’d like a walk with a scientist guy like you, maybe you can tell me what some of that weird looking shit in the tide pools is.”

How I fell asleep that night I don’t know. It was as if I had been drugged. I drank half a beer and a great lethargy fell over me and I stumbled to the bed with my eyes heavy and was asleep before my head hit the pillow.

That night the final dream came to me and I had the great realization. I was in the ocean, with all the other deep ones; the cool salty water swooshing in and out of our gills, the light of the moon sending out great shafts of pale light through the deep, murky water. Of course we were harvesting abalone. Eating some for our own strength, bringing back armfuls of others for the great one who slept out in the ocean depths: the dark lord who was awakening and who would soon rise in a fury of black leathery wings and tentacles.

The next day the sheriff arrived at my house as he said he would. He brought with him a box. I opened it to find a large, black, hooded cloak. I slipped the cloak over my head, pulled up the hood, and together we walked down to the beach to start the fire and await the arrival of the others.


It all started when I was about 8 or 9 years old. Actually, I guess it may have been earlier, but that’s around the first memory I have of it. See, I have had sleep paralysis as long as I can remember, although it is rare now that I am an adult. Most people that I’ve told about this have assumed I’m just scared of the dark, or have bad nightmares, but that’s not it, although I am and I do, ha-ha.

I have always had very vivid dreams. When I was dreaming, I was there, I could see, smell, hear, and feel. I was also a very adept lucid dreamer, having the choice to affect my dreams at will. That didn’t work on nightmares though and I often had nightmares before these episodes, horribly vivid nightmares, almost every night. Dreams of falling, fire, death, being alone in empty space, but mostly monsters, and those were the worst. Some of them were your classic 80’s slasher film icons, Jason, Freddy, etc. (I think my mom let me watch those movies a little too young, along with reading Stephen King, but she is still my hero.) Those usually involved running and hiding while being in a strange place, usually creepy abandoned buildings or out in the woods. The monsters that didn’t come from movies were way worse though. Dreams come from your subconscious supposedly, so I guess somehow my mind created them, although as a child it seemed like they were from the depths of Hell. Twisted, grotesque things; sometimes vaguely resembling a human form, with missing limbs or too many, hideous faces with skin missing or eyes hanging out of sockets; some were not human at all however, giant creatures with wings and razor-sharp claws and teeth, black shadows with red eyes that would just stand in the corner and watch me while I went about mundane tasks, like homework or watching TV. Sometimes I would wake up before they got me, not always. People say you’re not supposed to die in dreams, but I have many, many times. I have fallen and hit the ground, I’ve burned up in fire, been stabbed and sliced; I’ve even had a dream where I was at a funeral that turned out to be mine, I didn’t go back to sleep that night.

Well, I’m not really scared of the dark, per se, or even scared of the nightmares, I am afraid of waking up in the dark. Let me explain what a typical night was for me when I was younger and maybe you can start to understand.

I would fall asleep in my bedroom with the TV on, mostly for light, sound would be just loud enough to make out what they were saying; sometimes I would fall asleep on the couch with the light and sound coming from my parents room before I had a TV in my own room. Then the dream would start. The worst one ever, which I had often (I don’t know how rare recurring dreams are, but I feel I got more than my fair share) would start with me waking up in my own bed. I would be viewing as though from my own eyes, rather than 3rd person as a lot of dreams were. I would look over at my alarm clock and it would say 3:33 AM, always, then the fear would start, I knew what was coming, but powerless to prevent it. I would slowly place my feet on the floor, and stand up while stretching and yawning. I’d start to head for the bathroom (not sure how I know the bathroom was my destination, as I never made it there), and I would trip on something. I crash on the floor, hitting my nightstand causing my alarm clock to fall on my head, and bounce to the floor. So I’m lying there cursing myself and looking under my bed. There is nothing there, and I mean nothing, the meager light in my room should penetrate at least a few inches into the darkness, but it’s like a wall of black shadow, an empty void. And I freeze with fear. Suddenly two small blue orbs of fire appear, directly eye level with me, the eyes of some unknown being staring into my soul. Its breath was the worst part; I would see it and smell it at the same time. I only know it was breathing because it came out in a fog, like when you are outside in winter, only it wasn’t cold in my room, and the breath upon my face was cold enough to chill me to the bone; and the stench, ugh! It was as though someone took dead animal carcasses and dirty diapers and lit them on fire with a thousand matches, like sulphur, burnt hair and shit. My mind would be screaming “RUN! HIDE!” but my body is frozen. I am hyper aware, I can feel every muscle in my body tense up in preparation but nothing happens. Then it grabs me, I see nothing, no limbs of any sort, but I am being dragged under the bed. Then I am in total blackness, I can feel its disgusting breath on my neck and hear my heartbeat, but my sense of sight has totally abandoned me. I don’t feel arms around me specifically, but I am being held there, it feels like someone has wrapped a blanket made of flesh around me, but it is stronger than I am and holds me completely still. Then I feel its tongue slowly lick from my neck to my ear, as though tasting my fear.

In a voice I can only describe as broken glass soaking in blood, gravelly and grating, but wet, it whispers. “What do you like about playing under the bed?” That’s when I snap out of it. I struggle and fight, swinging my elbows and kicking my legs hard as I can, eventually loosening the creatures grip, and I would wake up.

Here’s where the real fun begins. I would be completely frozen, sometimes to the point where I could not even open my eyes. Sometimes that would be all, just frozen for a minute or two then I would snap out of it. I’m getting a little freaked out even writing about it, the memories are that vivid as it comes out. Other times the nightmares followed me. I remember once, I was lying there frozen, trying to force my eyes to close when I heard that same thick gravelly voice say, “Come back under the bed, the games were just starting.” I couldn’t turn my head to look toward the sound, not sure I would have even if I could, but I could feel its cold breath on my ear. I guess I must’ve screamed although I don’t remember doing so, because my mom ran into the room and turned on the light. I swear I saw a shadow out of the corner of my eye melt into the floor, heading back under the bed. She checked, assured me there was nothing under the bed, I still don’t know what to believe. According to the therapists and counselors I have talked to I was experiencing “visual and auditory hallucinations common to Sleep Paralysis.” They don’t know how real it was though.
When I would wake up in bed, once able to move I would jump off my bed, making sure to stay well away from the edge, run to my parents’ bedroom, and crawl into bed with them, sadly until I was about 14. Often times though, I would not wake up in my bed as I had fallen asleep. Sometimes after that specific dream I would wake up on the floor next to my bed, which was the worst, especially if the paralysis kicked in, which was often. I’ve woken up on the couch, on the floor in my parents’ room, on the kitchen floor, in the empty bathtub, even once on the porch. On these occasions I would sometimes find scratches and cuts on my body, often small although once I had a 6 inch gouge across my ribcage (still have the scar). The therapist said this was due to sleepwalking and running into things.

My grandmother had a very different view of things. I loved my grandma; she definitely wasn’t your regular sweet old lady. My grandmother had a deep appreciation for the occult. When I told her about my dreams, she crossed herself and did that weird little evil eye hand gesture. I asked why she was freaking out.

“My dear, 3:33 is a time of evil,” she explained. “3 is a number of Satan, 3AM is the witching hour dear, when the veil between realms is thin, and reality can be warped. It was more likely that it was an actual demon trying to drag you to the underworld. You are lucky to have survived the attacks.” She also told me that I wasn’t sleepwalking as the therapist suggested, but actually in another, I guess you’d say alternate plane or dimension, or even “the underworld.” We always thought she was a little crazy, now I’m not so sure. I wish she was still alive to help my family.

Recently, my 7-year-old son has been waking up in the middle of the night (right around 3:30AM), screaming about the monster with blue fire eyes. I was holding him after one recent episode telling him it was a dream and he will be okay. He kept repeating the word NO! When I got him to calm down a little, I asked why he was saying no, He said he doesn’t want to play under the bed.


I heard stories of this ritual happening throughout the Internet and decided to try it for myself since the tasks are not hard to do and the payout is worth the trouble. The materials to complete this task will cost around 10-15 dollars, which can be earned from working any sort of job. I’ll save the reward for the end because the sacrifice will go along with it, and telling you now might deject you from attempting this ritual, but I assure you that it is well worth it. Failure to either complete this ritual or doing a step wrong will not harbor any sort of consequence short of losing 10-15 dollars of regular money depending on how far you get through the process. The only time limit is that the shop will only be open between 9 at night and 6 in the morning.

The first thing you will want to do is find the small incense shop that will sell you the materials. The shop will be present in any sort of city, or so I’m told. As of now, the cities that definitely have the stores are Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Chicago, Miami, Seattle, Washington D.C., San Antonio, and Salt Lake City. If you find one in your city and it’s not listed above, you may retell this story and include your city, but only if you want to, if not, whatever. The shop will not be attached to any other store and will be located in the outskirts of the city. It will not have any sort of neon sign and will not advertise at all. You can tell if you’ve found the correct place if it has one of three marking near the entrance. It’ll either have a) a red door with a gold eye painted on it b) A small wooden plank with an eagle on it with a golden eye painted onto said eagle or c) a welcome mat with the eagle mentioned above painted on it. The eagle means nothing, but the eye is supposed to signify a calm mind. When you’ve found the place, merely enter the shop. There is no special knock, password, or any other fancy shenanigans. It was pretty nice actually, considering the fancy antics that you have to do with most of the other rituals.

Upon entering the shop, you’ll notice the faint smell of aroma. There will be no music playing, though you may hear other costumers in the shop. It you do hear other costumers, leave the shop and come back the next day. You’ll approach the counter and ring the bell. An intimidating black man will come out of the black room and ask you what you want. You’ll tell him that you want three distinct kinds of incense in a commanding voice and lay a five-dollar bill on the table. You must specifically ask for “Satya Sai Baba Nag Champa Agarbatti”, “Satya Super Hit”, and “Sri Sai Flora”. He’ll go into the back room and retrieve the incense. When he returns, he’ll take your five dollar bill and ask if that’d be all for you. You’ll tell him no and slap another five dollars on the table. You’ll then ask for an incense box to go along with your incense. He’ll go into the back room once again and retrieve a normal wooden incense box, which will be about two feet long, and have holes cut into the top. There may be a pattern near the bottom of the box, but that is unimportant. Inspect the box. If it is in perfect condition, place it back on the table and ask for another one, but take your five-dollar bill back and slap a ten down. He’ll take your ten and take the box back into the back room. He’ll come back out with another box. This box will have a broken hinge, but will still open and close. You are to tell the man that this box is perfect, collect your things, and leave immediately. There have been records that the man will give you the broken box first and you’d end up saving $5, but it didn’t for me, just fork over the other five and don’t complain (I’m serious…DON’T COMPLAIN).

You may fix the hinge if you want, but it won’t be important. What you’ll then do is drive back home and set your incense up in a dark quiet place. You are to burn one stick of incense from whichever box you chose, but it must only be ONE. Not one from each, ONE. What this does is calm you down for the next step. When the ONE incense stick is done burning, (I’m stressing the ONE rule because those that have burned two or more did not complete the ritual correctly and were out their 10-15 bucks) you are to inspect the box. On the side of the box there will be a small sliver of wood that swings out, revealing a secret compartment of the box. There will be an extra packet of incense sticks in that compartment. These sticks will be black and have a red handle, you are to burn one of these next. Don’t worry about having to burn two; one will get the job done. While you are burning one of these incense sticks, you’ll notice that the smell is anything but appetizing. It smells like rotting meat to me. You are to close your eyes and bear through the smell. When the stick is done burning, which might take 5 minutes, you are to open your eyes. You’ll find yourself back in the shop, but in the back room. The man will meet you here sitting in whatever chair, or position, you were sitting in. He’ll show you one of two things. The first is a small glass of liquid. This liquid is an elixir that allows your mind to never feel stress again. Your judgment will never be clouded, you will never be angry, and you will always feel kindness coming from everyone. Your fight or flight sense will still be present, but it will be quicker. You will feel calm and blissful for as long as you live. The other will be a small book. This book will hold the secrets to everything. It will have the answers to why humans are here, the afterlife and every other controversy will be immediately revealed to you upon reading the contents of the book. You will literally know everything. After picking the item you want, you are to close your eyes again and wait ten seconds. You will open your eyes again in your living space with the faint smell of incense lingering in the atmosphere, but whichever item you chose will still be in your hand.

Here’s the catch.

If you chose the elixir: Everything you encounter will feel like it’s lasting twice as long as before. Your mind will not feel anger, but it will feel boredom. Your hour and a half classes will feel like 3. 60 minutes will now take 2 hours. The upside, as mentioned above, will always be that you have inner peace, but activities that you find boringly unbearable will feel like they last forever. It’s somewhat contradicting, if you think about it, but it will only be those activities that you find boring. Anything you find painful or even enjoyable will feel like ecstasy. One thing you should remember, however, is that the normal rules of physics still apply. So while the flame may feel like a massage in your mind, you’ll still end up with 2nd or third degree burns if left unattended.

If you chose the book: You’ll know EVERYTHING, but will forever be unable to tell anyone. Anyone else will see the book as nothing more than a blank template and you’ll find yourself unable to speak if you try verbally telling anyone of the books content. You’ll know who killed Kennedy, but you alone. You’ll know if we really landed on the moon, but will be unable to type it out on your computer. You’ll know if your best friends girlfriend really cheated on him and whether or not she really did contract Herpes in the process or not, but will be at a loss of words when the conversation comes up…

I chose the book, if it’s any consolation. It’s intriguing to know all of these facts. I know which religion to pick, how to live my life and even who killed Kennedy. It sucks that I can’t tell you though. You’d shit brix if I told you, but whenever I try, my fingers burn at the touch of the keys. I should know; I’ve tried it twice within the last 10 minutes. I can’t even give you subtle hints. I know why, but telling you THAT would also reveal secrets of the book. And that girlfriend reference came from a true story. My best friend won’t even talk to me since I froze when he asked me about his girlfriend. When I tried to tell him, my throat ran dry and I had to run for water, but my throat just dried right back up again when I tried to tell him the truth again. I lied to him and said no…but then he found out the truth and thinks that I was the one that cheated with her. I tell him otherwise, but he doesn’t believe me… I’m thinking I should’ve chosen the elixir.


He couldn’t see, or so I thought.

How wrong I was.

Nothing seemed wrong when I met him. My parents said it was normal for kids to have imaginary friends, but he didn’t seem so imaginary to me. Besides, if he was, then why can I still see him all these years later? Why is he sitting beside me as I write this? He was never imaginary, not in the sense most people think. He seemed so nice, so friendly… He still does and he’s been the only constant friend I have ever had.

Growing up I didn’t have a lot of friends as I was an awkward child. No, before you ask there was nothing wrong with me. No deformities that people would find weird or anything of the sort, I just preferred the world of books and my imagination. As I grew up my friends dwindled away until I had maybe one or two. I didn’t realize what was really going on until many, many years later.

When I was in elementary school, I met the man who couldn’t see. He didn’t seem so unusual to me. I met him one night after my parents had fallen asleep. I had awoken from a nightmare and had started to get up to get my parents when I heard a creak from the chair beside my closet. Looking over, I didn’t see anything at first but as the curtains blew in the soft breeze from my open window I caught the glimmer of silver. I tipped my head slightly though I felt no fear and started towards the chair. “Wh-who are you?” I asked as I looked up at the man in the corner.

The man in black turned to face me with a soft smile. “Hello there little one,” he replied. “I’m nobody special, just someone you can call a friend. My name is Axel.”

I looked up at the man as I sat in front of him, my eyes full of childlike wonder. I was only ten at the time. I couldn’t see what he looked like too well and for some reason I swear he heard my thoughts as he reached over and flipped on my bedside lamp. The first thing I noticed was the dark red color of his hair. It ran half way down his back and was tied off in a low ponytail then I noticed the rest of him. His eyes were covered in white bandaging and his clothing was leather, almost like a biker would wear. But what really shocked me was the collar around his neck. I had been taught early about the slave trades and things of that nature and the collar around his neck was one that a slave being sold would be forced to wear. But it was made of silver as was the chain that was attached to it. I tipped my head slightly and reached out to touch the chain, only to be stopped by the male’s icy hand.

“No dear, please don’t touch that. You have no reason to know about that just yet.”

I nodded slightly and smiled looking up at the male before me. “May I ask a question?”

“Of course,” came the soft reply.

“Why are your eyes covered? Are you blind?” I watched as Axel shifted slightly in his seat as he thought of the best way to answer me.

“In a way, yes I suppose I am,” he replied as he removed the bandages, gently setting them on his lap.

I looked up in pure curiosity and blinked a few times. His eyes were pure silver. “What happened?”

Axel smiled and shook his head. “That’s not something you need to know right now either. I’ll explain someday, just not right now. For now, you need to go back to bed.”

I frowned slightly and looked down. “Will you be here when I wake up?” I heard the male stand, the leather of his jacket crinkling as he bent down and picked me up, moving me to my bed.

“Of course I will be,” he replied as he tucked my blankets around me with a smile. “What kind of friend would I be if I just left when we have so many games and fun things to do together?”

I smiled and snuggled into the blankets as he shut off my light and moved the chair closer to my bed. I heard him sit down and felt his fingers run through my hair. Soon after, I felt myself drifting off to sleep as he hummed softly.

The next morning I tried to get my parents to meet Axel but they said they couldn’t see him. I didn’t understand why as he was standing right beside me. Why couldn’t they see him? I frowned when they said he was imaginary and made my way up to my room to get ready for school. I shut my door as the arguing started again. Always arguing. But at least they never did more than yell at each other, at least not that I knew of. I quickly got dressed and looked up when I felt Axel’s hand on my shoulder.

“Relax Jake, not everyone can see me. Only special people can.”

“Special people? Does that mean I’m one of them?”

“Well of course, but you’re the most special out of them all. You’re my friend.”

I smiled as I hugged the male and picked up my book bag. “Will you come to school with me?” I asked as I opened my door once more.

“Not this time. Maybe some other day. Today I have a few things I have to do.”

I nodded and looked up noticing the bandages were back over the male’s eyes once more and made my way out of the house, careful to avoid my parents in the process. I could still hear them arguing as I shut the door and I swear I heard something hit the counter, though I couldn’t be sure.

When I came home from school, dad was nowhere to be found. I had grown used to this, even at a young age. There had been many times I had gone home and my mom had said that dad would be home late because he was out with his friends, but most of the time we would have dinner and I would go to bed without seeing him at all. I figured this was no different until I saw my mom sitting on the couch. I didn’t think twice about it, I just said hello to her and went up to my room to read. Once my door was shut, I glanced around but didn’t see Axel anywhere. Shrugging it off, I settled myself on my bed and read until my mom called me down for dinner.

She looked like she had been crying and there were dark bruises covering her arms as well as a deep gash on her cheek. I had heard something hit the counter… I asked what had happened, and though I already knew the answer, she told me not to worry and to eat my dinner. I didn’t argue and just did as I was told, and of course, dad hadn’t returned yet.

Nine o’clock rolled around and I was in bed, just about asleep when I heard my door creak open. I jumped and looked over but quickly relaxed when I realized it who it was. “Axel, are you okay? I haven’t seen you all day.”

The male smiled and shut the door, slipping his jacket off before he settled into the chair he had left beside my bed. “I’m fine, I promise. I’m sorry I haven’t been here but I told you this morning I had some things I had to take care of.”

The moonlight coming through my window illuminated the links on the chain hanging from the collar around his neck. Wasn’t there only three links yesterday? I recounted and was surprised when I saw four of them. But I chose not to question it. Instead I settled back again and closed my eyes as the male beside me sang in a language I didn’t recognize until I fell asleep.

Axel came with me to school for the next few weeks. Some of the other kids could see him and we enjoyed the games of tag or hopscotch that we played with him. He even showed us a game with marbles. But not everything was alright at home. My father had started to get worse with his drinking and his abuse towards my mother. I got home from a rather rough day of school and my mother was nowhere to be found. I asked my dad where she was but instead of answering me, he simply pushed me into the stairs and yelled at me to go up to my room. Axel wasn’t happy, though he wouldn’t admit that anything was wrong, I could hear it in his voice. His normally soft tone changed to a much darker one but it didn’t scare me as he was my friend and I knew he would never harm me. A few days passed and the abuse from my dad became worse. I did the best I could to hide the damage, even going as far as borrowing some of my mom’s concealer to hide the bruises, but one of my teachers figured out what was going on and asked me to tell them who was hurting me and what was going on at home. I looked over at Axel then back at the teacher and spilled everything.

By the time I got home, my mom was there with a cast on one arm and plenty of bandages covering her other arm, shoulder and a few on her face. I’m sure even to this day that there were more that were hidden by her clothing. I didn’t question her, instead I hugged her as tightly as I could without causing her more pain and held on like my life depended on it. She told me that the police removed my dad from the house and it would be a very long time before I saw him again. I didn’t care. All I cared was that she was safe. Then she asked me a question that I didn’t ever expect from her. She asked me who the man with the bandages over his eyes was, the one who was always with me. I was so excited that she could see him! I did the best I could to explain who he was then smiled when Axel bowed and kissed my mom’s hand as a greeting. She stood with a smile and apologized for saying he was imaginary and went to start dinner with me close behind, more than happy to help.

The next few weeks came and went without incident until my father decided to break in. I heard the glass shatter but I thought it was a dream until I heard the scream. I jumped up from my bed and slipped quietly towards the door only to be stopped by Axel.

“Please lay back down, Jake.”

I shook my head with a whimper. “Wh-What’s going on?”

“It’s nothing important right now, okay? Do you trust me?” I nodded as I looked up at the male. “Then go lay back down. Please.”

I did as I was told and got back into bed, though I knew I wouldn’t sleep anymore that night. We spent the remainder of the night talking until the sun came up. When Axel finally allowed me to leave my room, there were police cars outside. I looked around for a moment before my mom pulled me to her and explained what had happened. My dad had broken in and killed himself outside of my door. The police had assumed he was coming to kill me but ended his own life instead. It didn’t hit me until later, but Axel had five links on his chain that morning.

The years passed bringing me to my sixteenth year. I had noticed that fewer people could see my friend as the time passed and when I asked Axel about it, he told me that it was because there were less innocent people in the world as I grew. Then I realized what he meant when he told me I was special as a child. I was innocent and only the innocent could see him. I questioned him again one day after some people who were bullying me in school hadn’t shown up for a week, then we received the news that they were dead. Again, he refused to directly answer me, but the chain on his collar grew longer. Enough had become enough.

“Axel, I’m not a child anymore. You can tell me the truth now. What happened to you and, more importantly, what are you? I know you must have something to do with the deaths. It’s only people around me.”

The male flinched slightly. “Jake, I’m only trying to protect you.”

“I don’t need to be protected! I’m sixteen, I think I can handle the truth!”

Axel turned his head towards me with a faint frown before he removed the bandages from his eyes and turned his unusual gaze towards me. “I suppose you’re right. It is time I told you the truth. But promise me something?” I nodded in reply, never once looking away from the male in front of me. “You’ll be honest with me if you think differently after I tell you this. If you do and you so choose, I shall leave and you’ll never be bothered by me again.” I nodded once more and sat on my bed. “I suppose I should start from the beginning. As you know, the majority of slaves were colored, but what isn’t told in most of the history books is there were Irish ones as well. I was one of the unlucky few who were sold, hence the collar around my neck. They never removed it even after I was bought. It was used to keep me from running away I suppose. But I digress. I was sold off to work at a hatter’s establishment and either they didn’t know or they didn’t care but there was a mercury leak and I was caught in it. Due to the primitive medicine they had at that point, they didn’t know what was wrong with me and tried to treat the fevers and other ailments with more mercury, thinking that it would cure the issues but it only made it worse in the end, hence part of the reason my eyes are silver.”

“Part of the reason?”

Axel nodded and looked down. “Yes, part of the reason. The other part is the fact that I had made a deal on my death bed. The mercury poisoning had gotten so bad that the doctors left me to die in a room and a black robed figure approached me with the option of living for eternity or dying a very painful and slow death. I was young and absolutely terrified with no understanding of death or anything else and accepted the deal, being recreated into a creature that most consider a sandman. Instead of the entity from the fairy tales where they help children sleep, I use their dreams to kill them. I use their worst fears against them and use sand to either lock them in their nightmares and kill them there, or I use it to control them and make them end their own lives. That is why the chain on my collar grows. With every life I claim, another link is added to show my choices. I have been trying to keep you as safe as I can over the years by killing those who meant you harm. I was appointed to be your guardian and I have done the best that I could.”

“Which also explains why you said you were partially blind.”

Axel nodded as he looked up and met my gaze. “I have killed many people who meant you harm, including your father. I knew what his intentions were when he came back here after being removed and I was not about to allow him to take your life from you.”

I looked away for a moment then met my guardian’s unusual gaze once more. “Did you kill my father or did you force him to kill himself?” I asked quietly and watched as the ginger male before me lowered his gaze.

“I locked him into a dream state that affected him in his waking life. I had no way to fully put him under at that point and I had no intentions of waiting until he slept again to control his mind. As he approached your door, I made my move. He started to open your door and I made him step away. It was as easy as controlling a puppet on strings,” the male before me said as he touched the chain hanging from the collar around his neck. “I made the suggestion that he went to the garage and got the rope. Like a child obeying his parents’ wishes, your father went and got the rope. He made his own noose and hung it in the rafters by your door. But, just as he had gotten everything in place, I lost my control over him when I realized you were awake. I had to focus on keeping you in your room so you wouldn’t see what was going on, hence why you heard the scream. He tried to back out of what I had caused him to do and slipped off the chair. The rest I’m sure you can figure out from there.”

I wasn’t sure what to think at first. My mind raced over multiple possibilities of what to say, how to feel, but before my mind could settle, I heard myself speak. “I feel no differently towards you. You’re still the best friend I have ever had and I wouldn’t trade any of what you have done for me for the world. I owe you quite a lot and believe me, I appreciate what you have done. Thank you for protecting me over the years. But… I have one question.”

“What would that be?”

“How would I become like you? A sandman?”

I noticed the way the male shifted in his seat, the same way he had so many years before when we first met. “I would have to take your life, but I don’t recommend it. Not yet anyway. You still have your whole life ahead of you and you still have your mother who needs you.” Axel looked up and met my gaze. “When the time is right, I will make you into a creature like me. You will be given your own child to watch over and care for, alright?”

I nodded with a light smile and hugged the male I had come to call my friend.

My twenty fourth birthday came around. Almost a year had passed since I had buried my mother and the weather was horrible. I pulled out of my driveway and was headed towards work. I knew I should have called off, the rain was so harsh, but I needed the hours. There’s an old phrase, ‘what you don’t know won’t kill you.’ I beg to differ, thank you. The roads were flooded and I had no knowledge of how bad it truly was or the fact that there was an accident just past the bend in my road. My car slid in a rather deep puddle and I lost control, adding my car and myself to the list of accident victims.

I awoke in the hospital and couldn’t move. Panic washed over me and I tried to get someone’s attention until I felt a cool hand touch my cheek. I recognized the touch immediately.

“Hello dear friend,” a soft voice said from beside me. I couldn’t turn my head very much due to the brace and I knew I couldn’t speak, so I simply leaned into the male’s touch and listened to his words. “Your time came much earlier than I expected it to. I’m so sorry I couldn’t protect you from this pain and suffering.” I could hear the pain Axel felt as his voice cracked and I felt the tears that hit my face when he leaned down to kiss my cheek and took my hand. “Do you still want to join me? Squeeze my hand as tight as you can if you do, if not pull your hand away from mine.” I didn’t respond for a moment, simply staring up at the ceiling as I tried to figure out what to do then squeezed his hand with what little strength I had left in me. He leaned over me with a smile, pressing a kiss to my forehead. “Then rest.” I closed my eyes and I could hear the nurses run in as the heart monitor I was attached to started to flat line. The last thing I heard was one of the nurses asking where the man in black leather had gone.

When I awoke, I was sitting in a young girl’s room, no older than eight or nine. I could hear the soft sobs coming from under the blanket and quietly made my way over to the side of her bed then knelt down and moved the blanket out of the way, gently running a hand through her long blonde hair. “What has you so upset, child?”

The girl jumped and looked up at me, tears shining bright as they slid from her dark green eyes. “Wh-Who are you?” she asked, wiping away the tears.

I simply smiled as I wiped away the rest of her tears and replied the same way my own guardian had responded to me. “I’m nobody special, just someone you can call a friend. My name is Jacob, but you can call me Jake if that makes you feel any better.”


We ended up going to a place I knew. John had no idea if the bars he used to frequent were still cool, or even open. The cold air shocked him back to his senses, some, and as we stumbled through a labyrinth of back streets you could tell he was thinking we might not even be going to a club. How well do you know your old buddy Charles these days? Suspicion prodding him with questions he should have asked long before setting foot outside his front door.

But the lure of the good old times, no matter how rose tinted, were too strong.

We swung off into the front yard of somebody’s house. Somebody who’d once had kids but maybe not now, maybe not for a long time, and John grunted and tripped on toys scattered across the concrete square. Either way, the parents’ hadn’t had the heart to get rid of their things.

Reaching the miniature swing set I sat down and swung back and forth a little, grinning up at John smugly. The entire structure creaked and groaned alarmingly.

‘We’re going to need the Jaws of Life to cut your ass out of that seat,’ John observed unkindly. ‘Ages four to twelve it says on the side. What are we doing here, Charles?’

Giggling a little I struggled up but the seat came with me, chains rattling. ‘Oh crap, I am stuck.’ A brief moment of panic before John managed to help prise the four to twelve seat off my adult backside.

‘Shh!’ John looked at the house nervously, though all the lights remained off. ‘You’re going to wake the family.’

‘Not bloody likely.’ I wrestled with one of those little rocking horsey things that lurch back and forth on springs, trying to lift it right out of the floor and likely to bust a gut doing it. ‘Help me with this.’

Somebody had to be fired from the toy factory. The jolly grinning beastie inviting some kid to leap into its saddle sported a stubby little horn jutting from its face that must have been quite long and wicked once, before a wiser soul had sawn the plastic down to make it less noticeable.

John loaned his twiglet arms to the effort. ‘Why are we stealing this?’ he hiss-whispered, the way tipsy people think they’re being quiet. ‘It’s not going to match your sofa.’

‘Not stealing,’ I grunted. ‘Push it to the left.’ Which shouldn’t have done anything, the springs seated deep in concrete, but which nonetheless yielded a deep mechanical click.

The entire slab we were standing on grated off to one side and John leaped away with a girlish shriek he instantly tried to cover by coughing.

I bowed, gesturing him down the revealed staircase. ‘Welcome.’

‘What the hell, Charles!’

‘Hey, we’re celebrating. What with my suddenly being un-married and all, and you offering to share your spooky secret I’m gonna treat us to something special.’

The dimly lit space we dropped down into could loosely be called a bunker, although the remains of brackets on the walls attested it’d been
machinery that had once cowered down here, not people. Now the space was crowded with any old paraphernalia that somebody had thought looked cool, glass fronted cabinets springing up all over, busting at the seams.

‘Chaar-leei!’ the bartender hollered, a stringy little fellow with less gristle to him than John and not even as tall, he could scarcely peep over his own bar.

‘Sanjay!’ I boomed back, shoving my way to a bar stool and bringing John along for the ride. ‘I’m treating my friend to the good stuff tonight, Sanjay. We’re off to see a ghost.’

‘Ghosts, now!’ Sanjay rolled his eyes. ‘What excuse for a good drink’ll you think up next? Armageddon?’

The obligatory pretty young things pulling drinks to either side of him, a lass and a lad, smiled weakly. Flashing cleavage was a cheap trick to get the sad bastards lining up on a mission to drink themselves into believing they might be in with a chance, but it was the same worn out dog of a trick everyone used. If you fell for it, more fool you. At least Sanjay ensured these kids learned their stuff, they could leave to run their own establishments someday from books to stock. And he kept them more virtuous than his own children.

‘Bric and Brac,’ Sanjay indicated with a flip of his hand, not handing the adolescents’ real names out to anyone, even regulars. ‘When you want the best drink in the city this is where you come.’

Bending to a spout he filled two grimy glasses. ‘Some say that a sip brings immortality, you’ll live to see the end of days. I’ve had men and women in here swear it gives sleep without dreams, a far more precious commodity. I call it “tears of fools.”’

I accepted mine eagerly. John merely stared at his own set down on the bar in front of him so I prompted, a little annoyed. ‘You’ve never tasted anything like this, mate. It ain’t cheap.’

Sanjay squinted through the labial light at John’s face. ‘Your friend is nervous of the yellow death. He’s a good lad to take care of his liver, you should treat it like your old mother.’

‘I do!’ I protested merrily. ‘A sherry tipple every night and shandies on Thursdays.’

‘Let Bric set your fears at ease.’ The improbably comely lad who had to be skirting the minimum for responsible service, unless they handed them out at kindergartens these days, drew a tiny amount from the tap with a spoon. Taking a tealight candle from the bar he deftly lit the spoonful with the tiniest “woomph.” Delicate blue flamelets flickered and curled across the surface.

After a moment of holding it for inspection Bric flicked it into the sink with a curse, shaking scorched fingers where the spoon had heated up.

‘Run it under cold water,’ Sanjay instructed absently. ‘You see, friend? Red means dead, just like my ex-wife’s stare but this burns blue as my girlfriend’s beautiful eyes. Spirits. What better drop to toast the paranormal?’

‘Ghosts don’t exist,’ Brac asserted from her half of the domain, having that rare ability to work and track the conversation at the same time. ‘The city would be wall to wall ghosts by now if they were real.’

‘And how would you tell?’ I wriggled my fingers at her, booga-booga style.

‘You’d know,’ Bric asserted. He figured his hand all recovered by now but Sanjay thrust it back under the running tap.

‘You know the rules. Ten minutes minimum for a burn, even a bee’s dick of one. And don’t let me catch you sticking ice on it like last time, either. Just damages the cells more.’

‘You believe in ghosts?’ Brac asked Bric curiously. Just went to show, you could work with someone ever so long and still have things to learn.

‘Used to live next to one.’

‘I call bullshit.’

‘No, really. You don’t have to see it to know it’s there. It makes everything … horrible. My family went all weird. I was off school for weeks, just staying in my room and it was like they hardly noticed.’

Sanjay in the middle looked unimpressed but Brac’s peepers were big and round, an expression that wound her age back at least another four years. Back to the age of never checking under the bed or in the closet, because it was better not to know.

I was delighted, really jonesing on the whole paranormal shtick. ‘Well come on. Don’t spare us the juicy-oocy.’

‘Dunno about “juicy.”’ Bric muttered, finally winning free of the tyranny of the sink, the spoon now cool enough to pop in the dishwasher. ‘It was my Mum started acting weird at first, and no-one except me seemed to notice.

‘I read up on it and apparently if you’ve had a loss the ghosts, well, they seem to just get at you more. My uncle, Mum’s brother passed away that year and although I’d never known him I think they were close when they were little. She’d been thinking on him a lot, going through photos and such. Said it made her realise how important it is to appreciate family, but her behaviour sure didn’t back that up.

‘One day the meat in my sandwich was raw. Just … just raw and cold, slapped between two slices of unbuttered bread and I bit into it before I realised. That was one hungry day. When I took it home and showed it to her she laughed in this vague, distant way and said, “What a silly Mummy.” That was for sure: I opened up my lunchbox the next day and she’d put a rock in it! Just … a rock. And she’d buttered it, maybe ‘cause I pointed out the bread thing along with the raw meat.’

Brac stifled a laugh behind her hands, although her eyes said clearly it wasn’t funny. Bric nodded his head. ‘Sounds silly now but I cried so
hard, all those other kids sitting around eating lunches from parents who loved them and there was me with a buttery rock.’

Now I snorted too, but I hope my face was full of sympathy.

Sanjay clapped Bric on the shoulder. ‘Lad, anytime you’re feeling peckish on my watch just say the word. Nobody does good work on an empty stomach.’

‘Much less a kid – I certainly wasn’t getting much out of school. Stopped even looking in my lunchbox. Safer to just hold it open over a bin and turn my face away from whatever came thumping out. But it got worse when Dad started acting up too. I don’t even know what he was doing: might be brushing his teeth or something, and suddenly he’d start trying to do it backwards. Had his lips sealed over the drain trying to suck back all the toothpaste foam.

‘He’d ask me to do something but if the words came out in reverse and I couldn’t understand he’d get angry, this horrible garbled back-wise yelling. He started watching me at night, too. Just sort of stood there in my bedroom in the dark, watching me. He stood in different places but his eyes were wet and I could always seem the gleam from the little light that crept under the door, staring at me. On those nights I don’t think he ever blinked.

‘That’s when I started staying home. I slept during the day so I could stay up all night and stop Dad coming into my room. I couldn’t stand him staring at me. And that’s when I felt it. Cold, a big blast of cold coming right through the wall from next door. But you could only feel it here.’ He put a hand on his chest, over his heart.

‘I know it sounds bizarre but it was the biggest relief when I realised. It meant my parents did love me after all. It was the ghost doing this to them.’

‘And ..?’ I urged. ‘Then what happened?’

‘That morning come daybreak I marched straight to my Dad and told him we had to move, there was a ghost next door and it was messing everything up. He nodded in his slow underwater way, but must have already known something was wrong and was just waiting to be told which way to jump. Before that day was out we were all in the car with everything we owned, heading off down the street. Looking about, it was obvious to see that all the other neighbours were gone. We were the last to leave.

‘I glanced back out the rear and I swear, next door’s street facing window had two handprints on it. Handprints outlined in frost.’

Sanjay gave a low whistle, shaking himself to work the shiver loose from the back of his neck. ‘Well that’s about the most disquieting thing I’ve ever heard.’

‘Cover your ears, then.’ Bric shook his handsome head miserably. ‘The worst was when we made it to our new house. Mum and Dad were already shaking it off: they did a lot of hugging ‘til the air was all squeezed out of me. Dad got started on a special dinner right away to make up for all those missed lunches and Mum, well for days I couldn’t open my mouth without her trying to cram food in. I ought to have been happy.

‘But there in my new room, when I went to unpack my toys I found that there were these long, old rusted nails driven into the faces of each and every one. Every toy I loved. I did that. And to this day I have absolutely no memory of doing it, or even where I got the nails. None at all.’

Whoa. I would’ve kept that last part to myself – for a while Brac’s big shining eyes had looked ready to bestow the ultimate in tender sympathy but now … now she just looked sick. We were all that bit disturbed and couldn’t settle on where to look, especially not at Bric who might have spilled more than he meant to.

It took a stern sense of reality to return to the hazy friendliness of the bar. Or irreverence. Raising his glass, John toasted a whey-faced
Sanjay. ‘Salut. To ghosts, hey?’ The others scowled but I raised my own drink enthusiastically. The tears of fools scalded like fire, going down.


The Town of Willowing Hills
A collection of true stories surrounding a mysterious town nestled between a mountain and valley, in the middle of nowhere.
Taken from residents of this town, who have written in wishing for someone to investigate the strange occurences of which they report on.
These residents wish to have their names changed, should their stories be published, for their own sake.
They urge I write under an anonymous pen name as well.

1
Samantha Argos.
        I write here in total darkness, the only light coming from the lantern I’ve “liberated” from an old farm I crossed a few miles back. It seemed abandoned, so I didn’t see any wrong in taking the light, but as I kept skirting along the edge of the wood I realized that if the farm was devoid of life, then who left a lit oil lantern out on a fence for me to find? I believe I’m being watched, even now, even after my escape. These people are powerful and all-knowing, so it’d be no problem for them to keep tabs on me. Perhaps even they have left this out for me, toying with me to further their studies. But I’m getting ahead of myself, and I suspect my time is short if they really are watching me. There’s no way they’d want this to get out, so I should start.
        My name is [Samantha] and I’ll be turning 17 this December. I used to live with my older sister along Brookford Avenue in the older part of Willowing HIlls, which is where most of the town’s residences are located. Down the road is the high school I used to attend, Willowing HIlls High, which isn’t the most creative of names but, our corner of the world is pretty small. My sister graduated 6 years ago, and should be taking classes at the community college farther north (I say this because I have no idea what she is doing after my departure). She took care of me after the death of our parents, via car crash some years ago, but I was pretty young and the memories of them are hazy, so not much of a loss there. At the high school, people regarded me as a rather smart kid, not too bad-looking and able to hold her own in whatever physical activity we did in P.E. I had some advanced placement classes and I played volleyball my sophomore year. This was my life. But this crazy place, everyone just got so weird and I still don’t know what happened to them.
        It all started early one morning when I got up for school. My sister used to take me, but after I got my license, she gave me the family car and took the bus to the college, usually waking up before me and leaving just as I was getting ready. That morning I didn’t see her off, and I’m kind of glad I didn’t. I would hate to see her acting all schizo like everyone else. Nonetheless, I showered, got dressed and ate, but as I walked out of the door the wind suddenly picked up and blew the car keys out of my hand. As I bent down to pick it up, the strap on my bag ripped and I had to go back inside and get some industrial tape to hold the thing together. I was kind of annoyed, in a “this won’t be a good day” kind of way, leaving me not as happy as I usually am. I mean, it was a Monday morning too, so that already was cause for me to wake up hating the world.
        I got in my car and started my morning commute to school, turning on the radio and getting nothing but static. I thought it was pretty strange as Willowing Hills had their own radio station, and played some pretty OK music when it wasn’t broadcasting some nonsense. But as I fiddled with the dials on my dash, I looked up and saw I was already downtown and just a few hundred yards away from the school. Since it was so close and I arrive earlier than most, I usually sat in the parking lot and listened to the radio or read, but as it was out of commission, that wasn’t an option. I resigned myself to just going inside whenever I got there, but I almost didn’t make it- at that moment, a deer leaped out of the neighboring forest on my right and bounded across the road. I had to grip the wheel with both hands and jerk the car out of it’s way, missing the animal by inches. I slowed down but didn’t stop after missing it, looking in my rearview mirror to see if it was alright. It just…stared at me, then continued into town. I almost called it in to the police, but I suspected that some shop-owner would see it rooting around the square and do that himself. I got to school.
        After parking, I walked inside and found myself thinking that it was strange that I didn’t see any other people around. No students lounging lazily against a locker, or a teacher on duty to make sure the early-birds didn’t start up any trouble. Classes weren’t supposed to be starting yet, the bell was to ring in about seven minutes. The halls were empty, and so was the front office when I peeked inside. There were several adjoining rooms to the office, so I assumed the administrators and assistants were simply in a meeting, or just away. I should’ve known something was up. Instead, I decided to go on to 1st period.
        When I walked inside, the class was full of kids staring down into their history textbook. No page turning or acknowledgement of me entering, just…silence and studying. The only thing on the page was a picture of Abraham Lincoln, and a short summary of the Emancipation Proclamation. Every single one of them looked joyful, as if it were the most interesting thing in the world. It creeped me out. The teacher was sitting behind her desk, her lips curled into a small smile when she heard me walk in but still not looking up to see me. She was shuffling papers, moving them around and adjusting them, and as I took my seat near the front of the room I noticed that they were all blank. At this point, some red flags were going off in my head, and I felt immensely uncomfortable with all the silence.
        I raised my hand timidly, but the teacher still didn’t see me. Then I cleared my throat, softly calling her name. That’s when things went bat-shit.
        She finally turned her head to acknowledge me, and her facial expression went from “happy” to “smiles overload.” Her grin grew bigger, showing all her teeth and her eyes widening. It was already unnerving, but what really got me was that I could tell she was upset. Her face was twitching and a vein on her temple throbbed. But she still kept smiling.
        “Samantha!” She screeched, and I cringed. I couldn’t tell if I was in trouble or not, because of that damn grin. “Just what do you think you’re doing?!”
        I was just a little bit scared to answer. I shrugged in reply.
        “This is an outrage, girl!” She yelled, standing up and moving towards me. At this point I could see in my peripheral every other student look up from their books, watching the scene in interest. “You’re indecent! Show some restraint and consideration for the boys!”
        Extreme confusion replaced the fear. I looked down, inspecting my modest purple t-shirt under a baby blue jacket and red skirt, which was fingertip length. I even checked my blue flipflops. No cleavage was out or excess skin. I looked back up at her to see her shaking in quiet fury, and yet, she still had that smile painted on her face. She grabbed my arm, forcing me out of my seat. “You’re coming with me, young lady!”
        As we left, protests spilling out of my lips, I remember the students finally making some noise, some acknowledgment of me. I heard their whispers.
        “Whore.”
        “Absolutely disgusting.”
        “What would her sister think?”
        “She’s gone off the deep end, hasn’t she?”
        It wouldn’t have bothered me so much if they didn’t….keep….grinning like the fucking Chesire Cat. My teacher dragged me down the hall, not releasing me of her vice-like grip, still smiling. When we got to the front office, moving to one of the adjoining room’s known as the Principal’s Office, she kept grinning and our principal did, too. In fact, when he saw me, he lit up even more, standing up immediately.
        “Samantha! Show some modesty child, you’re in school!”
        I meant to ask just what was going on, but all that came out was a pathetic whimper.
        My teacher was shaking her head next to me. “I never expected such behavior from such a smart girl. ‘Tis a shame, I have half a right to call the police down here.”
        At the mention of the police, I found my voice. Turning to her, I screamed “Why?! What did I do?!” My pent up aggression and stress of the whole thing was reaching a boiling point. And yet, they didn’t answer me, glancing at each other and talking about my “punishment” as if I wasn’t there.
        “You know, the police may just be what she needs.” The principal stated, reaching for his cell-phone.
        “It’d do her some good, we don’t even need to concern her sister with this.” My teacher finally released me, but left the room, calling over her shoulder “Bless her heart, her parents die and now her little sibling is acting up…”
        By the time I looked back up at the principal, he had already dialed the number for the police and was muttering to them over the phone. I didn’t know what to do – he kept throwing dirty glances my way and nodding. While I stood there, unable to speak or move, I thought about just what was going on. I was dressed the way I usually was, my long brown hair was undone and clearly not some rule violation, and I hadn’t cursed or anything. I wondered if I came to school late somehow and my clocks were wrong, but the penalty for that was getting a tardy note. All of this was completely unnecessary and I knew I’d done nothing wrong. Part of me wanted to call my sister to get me out of this, and another part didn’t. I had no idea why.
        About ten minutes later, the police car arrived outside the front of the school, and by the look of the trio of officers that stormed inside, you’d of thought there was a bomb threat or something. They rushed into the front office and into the room, two of them grabbing me by the arm and practically (well, literally) dragging me outside. I started screaming, and pleading with my principal, my teacher, and anyone who happened to be watching to help me. I looked those officers in the eyes, and they just smiled at me, before one of them dropped my arm and threw a punch at my head. I immediately saw stars, my vision fading in and out and my screams getting caught in my throat. I could feel them forcing my body into the back seat of the police cruiser, then heard the door slam shut. The last officer was conversing with the principal, shaking his hand when we drove away and Willowing HIlls High School vanished from view. Then I blacked out completely.
        The next thing I remember was waking up in a stark white room, which only had a hard bed with one thin-bare blanket and a writing desk. An equally white metal door was in front of me, with several bolts and a screen of glass awarding any passersby the image of a scared teenage girl lying on the floor with a black-eye. It was my first one and throbbed like hell. You can imagine all the thoughts rushing through my head. I knew I was not in the station or the dirty jail cells that they had in the basement. My first idea was that I’d been kidnapped, but I still had all my clothes (minus the flip-flops) and cell-phone.
        Wait, a cell-phone! I reached into the pocket of my jacket and pulled it out, giving it a kiss before dialing 911. But then I realized that they were the ones that got me here, so there was no way they’d get me out. Then I remembered my sister. I quickly punched in the number and pressed the call button, holding the phone up to my ear and praying she wasn’t in class so she didn’t ignore me. It took a few rings, which seemed to last a lifetime, but she picked up, saying a crisp and low “hello.”
        “[Anna],” I cried my sister’s name, as tears began flowing down my cheeks. “[Anna], I’m in some kind of trouble and I don’t know why. The police came to the school and they took me somewhere and-and I just need help, please come….please…”
        There was a pause on her end before I heard her sigh heavily. “Honey, I can’t.” She said. Time seemed to stop at that moment, and I could feel my heart slow down. My one lifeline, telling me she couldn’t help.
        “Why?!” I demanded angrily. “I don’t even know what’s going on! No one is telling me why!”
        “How could you not?” She answered, sounding annoyed. “I honestly didn’t expect this from you, and to be honest, it’s kind of sickening. What would mom and dad think of you?”
        The sobs caught in my throat as I felt her words pierce me like a knife. “I d-don’t-”
        “Look, wherever you are, I’m sure you’re getting help for your problem. You should trust them, [Samantha], they’re only here to preserve our sanctity and keep the peace.” With that, she disconnected, and even if I wanted to call her back, I couldn’t as my phone chose that particular moment to turn off. The battery had no charge, and this let me know that I’d been out for a long time as it’d been on 100% this morning. I could only look at the black screen in shock before I hurled it at the door, screaming in rage.
        After a few minutes of crying, a voice flooded the room. I looked up and discovered the intercom perched in the corner of the ceiling, settled next to a video camera. I was under surveillance. The voice spoke again, calling out my full name. I sat up, wiping my nose. “What do you fuckers want with me?” I croaked.
        My captors paused, then spoke again. “We want to observe you.” They said finally. It was a man’s voice, surprisingly light and refreshing but still sending chills down my spine.
        “Oh yeah?” I asked, narrowing my eyes. “Why? What have I done? Where am I?”
        “Your answers will come soon. Are you calm?” The voice asked sweetly.
        I answered no, I fucking wasn’t. It was several more minutes until he spoke again. “Are you calm now?”
        Playing his game, I nodded, knowing they could see it. The white door’s bolts immediately came undone, and the metal thing swung open slowly. Outside, in a startlingly white labcoat amid a white-tiled hallway, was a handsome young man with trimmed hair and a beaming smile. I was getting sick of those. He extended a hand. “Come with me.” It was the same voice from the intercom.
        I was obviously skeptic, but I didn’t see a point in refusing and staying here. I stood up and walked to the door, not taking his hand or looking at his face. He shrugged, then led me down the hall, which seemed to extend forever. More white, metal doors filled the hall on either side of us, and I wondered just how many other people they had in…wherever we were. Were they like me, confused and scared? I didn’t get a chance to look in any of the slim glass windows on the doors to sate my curiosity, because we turned a corner that was devoid of anything except the white walls, ceiling and floor. The lights were excruciatingly bright, and I could not stop squinting. The man seemed to be used to it, as he strided across the floor looking happy as can be.
        We turned a final corner and was met by a single metal door, this time not painted white, but black, with a strange curling symbol painted on the middle. The man opened it by punching in the code on a neighboring keypad, and then pushed it open. I made a note to remember what numbers he used. 7902. They’d save my life.
        This room was full of machines and people operating them (all smiling, no less). There were a few people sprawled out on tables, being poked and prodded at by scientists in labcoats. They were unconscious, and the first people I’d seen today who didn’t have grins painted on their faces. It made me worried about them. I didn’t even realize the man was taking me to my own table until we were right in front of it and a another group of scientists, eagerly awaiting me.
        “Lay down here.” The man requested joyfully, patting the cushioned top. I shook my head, adrenaline filling my veins. “I insist. You want answers, don’t you?”
        “Why can’t any of you just tell me what’s going on?” I demanded, beginning to back away. No one stopped me.
        “That’s why we must study you,” He answered simply. “So we can all understand.”
        “What if I refuse?”
        “Then we’ll have to use force.” He stated simply, but I could hear he malice in his voice, and see the gleam in his eye. Smiles could hide a plethora of emotions, it seemed. “It’d be much more…beneficial…for you to lay down.”
        I looked from him to the other scientists, all of them holding pencils or some sharp object. When my eyes landed on one of them, who was holding a mask designed to pump anesthetic gases into my system until I blacked out. Until I’d let them cut me open and “observe” me for something wrong, when I knew I was perfectly fine. They’d roam over my body and insides, picking and stabbing until I was dead, probably. There was no way I’d leave from this facility alive if I lied down on that table. So I had an epiphany, I had to play their game if I wanted to live. The idea hadn’t crossed my mind because I was always in despair or so much stress I couldn’t think clearly. But I realized then that, when in Rome, do as the Romans do.
        For the first time that day, I smiled, a big, huge smile.
        All of the scientists froze, some of them gasping. They dropped their tools and scribbled in their notebooks furiously, and the man that brought me here grinned even wider. Somehow, I knew he was genuinely happy.
        “This has been a great breakthrough!” He cried, clapping his hands giddily. “Tell me, how do you feel?”
        “Like shit.” I replied, still maintaining my smile.
        Despite the response, he continued beaming. “Excellent, excellent! Simply excellent.” He turned to his colleagues to laugh heartily, and I took that as a chance for my escape. I ran through the rows of machines and tables of people who’d fallen for the trap, and made my way to the door, punching in the numbers. No one stopped me- they were all remarking at my “breakthrough.” I made sure to keep smiling as I exited the strange room, and ran through the building looking for the exit. From there, everything’s been a haze – the facility was a maze, and every hall looked the same. The only good thing was that no one obstructed my absconding, so after some searching, I found a pair of red doors with the words “Exit” marked over them. They weren’t locked. I burst through them, noting the cold wind of the night and thick forest that surrounded the giant building I’d just egressed from. I wasted no time, taking no chances, I ran into the woods and, after some time, managed to find an old path that led to the main road.
Since then, I’ve been walking, stealing food from any of the sparse homes I find (all empty, suspiciously) and thinking about my situation. I had no idea where I was, it appeared to be nowhere near Willowing HIlls. I can see the top of a mountain in the distance, over miles of trees, and I know it’ll take a while to get home. But a big piece of me doesn’t want to go home. I had my thoughts that I’d just be thrown back in jail, or the facility since I’ve stopped smiling. But I’ve seen people on the main road, after I hide behind a tree or in the brush to watch them pass by. They don’t smile, at least not all the time; they bicker, they argue, they cry, they laugh, they do normal human things. Somehow I knew that whatever disease had taken hold of the town that day was gone, as mysteriously as it’d appeared. And still, I don’t want to go back to Willowing Hills. I always knew the place was weird, and now my suspicions are confirmed. There was something sinister in that town, and in that facility and I urge anyone reading this to avoid it all costs.
So yeah, I’ve been on my own since then. I see people sometimes, as I’ve mentioned before, but I don’t engage them. I guess my trust has just shriveled up and died. I’m writing this now in the hopes someone finds it, but when they do, I’ll be far away from here. I’m in an abandoned cabin a few miles down the road of that farm I mentioned. I’m not sure what time it is, but it’s been several hours since the sun has set below the treeline. There’s no one else here, but I keep telling myself there is. When I got here, there was a plate of food, untouched, on the kitchen table. I almost didn’t want to eat it, but what choice do I have? I suppose now I know for sure that they’re still watching me, but also helping me, probably to further their studies. As far as I know, I’m the only one to escape, and it was all too easy. They had to have let me done it. Maybe they’ll let my story be found, too.
If I’m honest, I don’t know what to believe anymore, from the start the whole thing has seemed like a sick joke that went too far. I say that because when I found this cabin, there was a slip of paper sitting next to the plate of food. Scrawled on it messily, was a single phrase I’d only heard a few times in my life, but never taken seriously. Someone has though, and thought they’d infect the whole town with the notion. But…not me, and I don’t know why. Maybe I can find my answers one day, but I’m still going to keep smiling whenever I see someone on the road, or in my dreams, or in the window.
After all, you’re never fully dressed without a smile.


Note: There is some gore in this pasta. If you believe this will bother you, please skip today’s story.

His hazel eyes skimmed over the words for what he knew had to be the twentieth time. His pupils darted back and forth over the lines, dancing rhythmically as they flowed toward the bottom of the page yet again. Braxton could feel his heartbeat quicken with each successive pass over the words. Small beads of perspiration began to form on his forehead, causing it to glisten under the soft, white light shining down from above his head. He felt a sudden pain in his jaw; he unclenched his teeth, which had tightened without his realizing it, relieving the growing pressure in his jaws. He could feel a low tremble building within his muscles, a product of the fear that was beginning to course through his veins, turning his blood icy.

He inhaled deeply, holding it momentarily before releasing it in a powerful whoosh. He closed his eyes tightly. He stood like that, motionless, for almost a full minute, the only movement coming from his fingers, which ran lightly over the pale white sheet of paper with the typed message. He listened to the low sshhh sound that wafted up to his ears from the paper. Before realizing that he was doing it, Braxton tore the paper in half and crumpled the two pieces into a tiny ball and hurled it across his small living room, where it bounced lightly from the wall and fell behind the tattered couch.

Braxton put his face in his hands, trying to regain his composure. Tears of fear and rage stung the corners of his eyes. He let out a scream, which was muffled by the palms of his hands. He raised his hands and ran his fingers roughly through his dark hair. His mind reeled at the implications contained within those now-crumpled words. Questions clouded his thoughts, prohibiting any course of action from being taken.

Where did this letter come from? Who brought it? How did this person get in and out of his house? And, most importantly, how did this person know the things that they did? Hadn’t he always been careful? He had always planned meticulously; hadn’t he?

Braxton felt his knees tremble slightly as his legs tried to give out. The room tilted to the left as a wave of lightheadedness washed over him, almost sending him to the dirty, yellowed linoleum floor. He reached out blindly, grasping until his fingers found purchase, feeling the smooth, yet slightly bumpy, texture of duct tape. He slid the barstool, well past its best days, towards him, scraping his palm on a torn piece of the vinyl cushion as he did so, and dropped down onto it. Using the first two fingers on each hand, he rubbed his temples softly, trying to focus.

This person obviously knows me, he thought. Somehow they know things that they have no way of knowing. In all the time he had led his double life, carrying out his acts of mischief (to him it was merely mischief. To others it was far more serious), he had never slipped up. He never spoke of his deeds. Under no circumstances did he keep souvenirs or trophies. A single camera, Polaroid or otherwise, was never used. And every single field trip that he took was at least three hours away from his home. He always did the proper reconnaissance beforehand, checking the weather, traffic flow of the town, and the habits of the local civilians. So how could this person possibly know what they do?

Braxton opened his eyes and sat upright as a sudden revelation, what he knew to be nothing but pure truth, dawned on him. The thought came with such ferocity that it almost bowled him over; literally almost knocking him to the floor as he sat up straight.

It’s a hoax, he thought. Someone broke in and left that note because they thought that it would be funny. It just struck a nerve because, by some stroke of luck, the house they chose happened to contain a resident with secrets.

Braxton stood up and began pacing the length of his small house. He nodded thoughtfully as the idea worked itself out within his mind. He slowly convinced himself that this could be the only plausible explanation. The idea that someone might know who he actually was was inconceivable. It was downright ludicrous.

What did the note really say, anyway, his train of thought continued as he stepped out of the shower and began to towel himself off. I know exactly who you are and exactly what you’ve done? Well, that was just too vague for his taste. If anyone really knew anything, they’d say something to prove what they knew. Give an example to authenticate.

Despite his best attempts to reassure himself, Braxton found himself obsessed with the locks, certain that he had forgotten to lock one, leaving him unable to go to bed. He walked through the small, two-bedroom house checking each lock, trying to raise the window afterwards. Once he had made his rounds, he began at the beginning once more, double- and triple-checking the locks.

Stop! he screamed to himself on his fourth pass through the house. This is insane. This type of scared, nervous behavior is the intended result. I won’t succumb to that. Now, it’s time to go to bed. Leave the locks alone.

And, surprisingly enough, he was able to do just that. He curled up in his bed, grasping his pillow in a tight embrace, and drifted almost immediately to sleep. He slept that way until he awoke the next morning, when he was greeted with absolute terror.

The thin band of yellow morning sunlight slowly stretched across the bed from the crack in the curtains as the sun rose. Braxton rolled over, still clutching dearly at his pillow, shifting the light into his eyes. His eyelids fluttered lightly as he gingerly rose from his sleep. He yawned loudly and stretched, groaning as he did so. His back popped audibly, and he chuckled at the thought of his age finally beginning to catch up to him.

“Good morning, Braxton,” a gruff male voice said from behind him.

Braxton flipped over quickly and scrambled away from the intruder. Reaching the edge of his mattress, his hand slipped, sending him toppling backwards. His head made a hollow thonk! as it connected with the floor. A piercing pain tore through his mind, and he could feel a trickle of warmth that he assumed was blood begin to run down the back of his head and neck. He pushed the pain aside, focusing his attention on the sudden unwanted guest.

“Who the hell are you?” he wanted to scream. He wanted to shout at the intruder. To demand answers. He opened his mouth to do just that, but only a small squeak managed to escape his throat. Instead, Braxton did the only thing that his body would allow; he continued backing away, relishing the illusion of safety that the distance managed to bring, until his back hit the wall just three feet away. He stared at the intruder, eyes wide. His breath was harsh and ragged. He inhaled deeply, unable to control himself. A wave of lightheadedness filled him, the quick, panicked breaths threatening to lose consciousness as he hyperventilated.

“Calm down,” the stranger instructed. “You shouldn’t lose consciousness right now. We have some things to discuss, you and I. I would think that it’s in your best interest to pay attention.”

The stranger sat in the old leather chair in the corner of Braxton’s bedroom. He was lounged back comfortably; legs spread wide, elbows resting on the arms of the chair. A sense of utter calmness radiated from him, as though breaking and entering was the most natural act in the world. A pair of smoky grey eyes stared out from behind the black ski mask that he wore. Those eyes were cold, calculating, showing no remorse. Light glinted from the scalpel that he held in his hands as he twitched it absentmindedly.

“Wh… who are you?” Braxton’s voice cracked and quavered, despite his best attempts to keep it level.

“That isn’t important.” The stranger leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. “You may call me Teacher, for I am here to educate you.”

Braxton’s mind reeled. He fought desperately to understand the situation, but comprehension stayed just beyond his grasp. His face twisted into a look of confusion.

“You have led a horrible life,” the stranger continued, seeing the bewildered look that Braxton wore. “Your education will be one to show you the consequences of such a life; that is why I am your teacher. It has fallen upon me to show you the error of your ways.”

Braxton opened his mouth to protest, to deny the allegations that had been laid at his feet, but immediately closed it, a single sound unuttered, when the stranger raised his hand and shook his head. The gravity in the intruder’s movement said all that he needed to know: there was no bullshitting his way out of this. No quick thinking, followed up with expertly chosen words, would convince this threatening persona that he had broken into the wrong house, chosen the wrong pupil. Instead, Braxton remained silent. What the stranger said next was enough to confirm both his conclusion and his worst fears.

“August 10, 1994,” he began. “You were ten years old. In those days you had an affinity for fire. That night you snuck out of your window, a box of matches that sat on the mantel in hand. You wandered the streets for over an hour before finding the right location. It was a small, wooden house a few blocks from your own. You struck the match, using it to light a pile of dried sticks and leaves that you had placed by the front door.”

Braxton’s eyes continued to grow as he listened to the details of his life being recalled to him. The interloper spoke in a monotone voice, reciting the tale as if he were reading from cue cards.

“When the pile was lit, you rang the doorbell and ran. What you were unaware of was that an elderly woman lived there, all alone. She had taken out her hearing aid before bed, so she didn’t hear the doorbell. It didn’t take long for the old, dried wood to catch fire, quickly setting the house ablaze. The woman died in her bed. She never had a chance.”

The Teacher stood up, staring down at Braxton with reproach. “That was the first person to die at your hands, but it wasn’t the last. Although it was an accident, you found that you had a taste for murder. You craved it. It became an addiction, your own private heroin.”

He began to pace slowly around the room, hands resting behind his back, his empty hand clasped loosely around his wrist. “The time has come to right the wrongs. Now is the time of your redemption.”

“How do you know all this?” The terror rang through clearly in Braxton’s words, teeming behind each syllable.

“I don’t think that really matters; do you? The fact remains that I know. I know each and every detail of your horrid actions. Everything.”

He stopped pacing and stared down at Braxton, his cold eyes studying him calculatedly. Braxton felt as if those eyes saw past his outer appearance. It was almost as if they peered beyond the physical and into the metaphysical, into the nature of his soul. How else would he know such things? Those were things that no one had any way of knowing, or even had any right to know.

The black ski mask shifted, and Braxton knew that the man was smiling beneath that layer of cotton.

“I even know about the man that you planned to kill when you took your vacation from work in two weeks. You planned to do it slowly, to try out torture for a change.” His voice was grave. Braxton knew that the smile he wore beneath the mask was only for show. Perhaps it held back that raw emotion that he could sense lying behind the words, waiting to break forth.

“Jackson Humphries is his name,” he continued. “A middle-aged, mid-level executive at a pharmaceutical company. He’s a lonely man, but a good man. He gives regularly to charity, volunteers at a homeless shelter two weekends a month. You intend to subdue him at his house, keep him in his basement, and slowly torture him until he begs for death.”

Braxton was taken aback. The precision in these accusations was uncanny. It just wasn’t possible. What was going on here? Was this strange person some sort of demon sent to punish him for his deeds? How could he know things that he had only thought of, things that had never been voiced aloud, let alone written?

His eyes shifted upwards. He was just beneath his bedroom window. The bed separated him from the stranger. If he were to act quickly, he could be on his feet and dive through the window before the intruder had time to react. Braxton shifted his weight. His muscles tensed, prepared to move as soon as the opportunity presented itself.

“I don’t think that it would be wise to try and escape.” It was almost as if he had read Braxton’s mind. “To do so would only cause me to chase you. That would anger me. Anger could cause me to skip to the last lesson of your education, the lesson reserved for the possibility that you cannot or will not learn the others. Death.”

He was stuck and he knew it. Braxton decided on an alternate route. Simple denial. He licked his lips. Fear had sucked the moisture from his mouth, leaving only the horrid taste of morning breath in the barren wasteland that was his oral cavity. He took a deep breath. Here goes nothing.

“You’ve got the wrong guy,” he began. He no longer tried to hide the fear that drove his stammering words. Fear was good; it could destroy someone’s resolve. This he knew from experience. In the beginning of his mischief-making career, he had almost allowed several victims to slip through his grasp due to the weakening of his resolve from witnessing their absolute horror. He could only hope that the same was possible in this situation.

“I don’t know why you think I’ve done these things, but you’re mistaken.” He worked up some tears, letting them spill over and slide down his cheeks. He breathed in deep, wet sobs.

The stranger was over the bed in a flash, almost a blur of movement. He pressed the sliver of metal that was his scalpel blade, an eighth of an inch thick and sharpened to a deadly precision, against Braxton’s neck. Braxton didn’t need to see it to know that the blade was just above his carotid artery, the blade digging into his flesh. Only a bit more pressure, probably less than a foot-pound, and the vein would slice open, and he would bleed out in just a matter of minutes.

“Do. Not. Test. Me.,” the stranger commanded through clenched teeth. His face was inches from Braxton’s close enough that he could feel the weak puffs of breath, muffled by the mask. “I am giving you an opportunity to make amends, to rectify the wrongs that you have committed. Try my patience and I will kill you in ways so efficient that your final thoughts will be amazement at my prowess. Do you understand?” He pulled the blade from Braxton’s neck, revealing the thin cut that had been formed in his skin, a solitary bead of blood welling up.

“Yes,” Braxton stammered.

“Very well.” The stranger stood straight. He stared down at his pupil. “Sit on the bed. We’ve wasted enough time. Your lessons must begin now.”

“There are three lessons for you to learn,” the Teacher said once Braxton was situated on the foot of the bed. He stood across the room, leaning against the wall directly opposite Braxton. He had once again resumed the twirling of the scalpel. Whether his intention was to intimidate him, or if it was just a nervous habit, some deep need to keep his hands busy, Braxton knew not.

“Physical, mental, and emotional,” he continued. “Whenever you commit your heinous acts, you inflict pain of tremendous magnitude in these three areas on not only your victims, but their loved ones as well. It is for these reasons that you shall suffer greatly in these three areas. Do you understand what you are being told?”

Braxton nodded his understanding. He stared at the Teacher with a blank expression. Some part of him was still unable to accept that this was really happening. That part screamed that it wasn’t possible, that it was, absolutely had to be, a dream.

“I will not administer these punishments,” the Teacher went on to say. “There is no knowledge to be gained in this. Instead, it will be you who does this. Just as you administered this pain to your many victims. Your tasks will be set before you for you to accomplish on your own. Once these are completed, I will take my leave of you. Permanently. I will return later. Whether it be tonight, tomorrow, or next week, you will not know. You have until the sun sets to complete the tasks I have given you in their entirety.”

He crossed the room in a few quick strides. He leaned down, putting his face directly in front of Braxton’s, his hands resting on his bent knees. The anger in his eyes had dissipated, leaving only the gravity of his message.

“I cannot impress upon you enough the severity of the punishment should you fail to do as I have instructed. There is no escape from this. There is no ‘easy out’. You must follow the instructions to the letter. I will know if you do not. If you fail to do as I have asked, I will be forced to teach you the fourth and final lesson.”

Braxton, although terrified by what the answer would be, had to ask, “What’s the final lesson?”

“The answer should be obvious. Your education will end in the same place that your extracurricular activities did: death.”

Tears began to stream down Braxton’s face in thick rivers. He could feel them plopping gently onto his bare skin as they fell from his cheeks to his bare chest.

“Why are you doing this to me?” His voice was thick and watery.

“Why did you do what you did to the others? You must reform. You must learn the error of your ways. If you do not, you cannot be allowed to continue, to inflict this pain on anyone else. It ends today, one way or the other.”

He reached into his back pocket and pulled out three envelopes. In thick, black ink a number was printed in the center of each. He handed the envelopes to Braxton, who made no move to take them.

“Take them,” he commanded, his voice deep and guttural.

Tears fell with a renewed vigor as Braxton raised a shaking hand to receive the proffered envelopes. He wiped away the thick liquid that was running freely from his nose.

“Sunset tonight,” the Teacher reminded him. “Contacting the police will do nothing more than waste the precious time that you have. The fourth lesson will only be prolonged until they’re no longer protecting you. Like I said before, there is no escape.”

With that, he turned and left the room. His movements were quick and soundless, fluid and graceful.

Braxton sat, motionless, for almost a full minute. His entire body felt numb. Had that really just happened? If it weren’t for the envelopes that he held in his hand and the steady throb in his skull from falling from the bed in his mad scramble away upon awakening, he would be inclined to think that it hadn’t. Without moving his head, he cast his eyes downward in a desultory manner. He stared at the envelopes, seeing them, but still unable to feel them in his hand. Still in a daze, he stood and walked into the kitchen.

Pulling up the battered stool, he sat down at the counter and placed the envelopes on the counter before him. Spreading them out, he looked at each one closely. There was nothing extravagant about them, nothing more than plain, white envelopes. The numbers that had been printed on them were sequential, numbered one through three. He ran his fingers over the face of each envelope, then circled back, picking each one up and feeling it individually. Each of the three seemed to contain a single sheet of paper baring almost no weight whatsoever.

The thought crossed his mind to call the police. He dismissed this quickly, not seeing any way that this wouldn’t bring his favorite pastime to light. They would need an explanation, some reason as to why the psychopath had chosen him as a target. At best, the police would have no evidence, but would watch him carefully from now on. That would mean that he would have to quit. He didn’t think he could. Murder was like a drug, and he was addicted. Yes, he had found his own private heroin, without the use of a needle. Well, sometimes needles were used, but never on himself. He couldn’t help but smile at his own little joke.

He scooped up the envelope embossed with the number one. May as well get this over with. He glanced up at the clock on the stove in the kitchen. It read 8:07. He thought that the sun was setting around eight pm. That gave him about twelve hours to do whatever needed to be done. That should be plenty of time, right? He twirled the envelope in his hands for a moment, hesitating, before finally ripping the end off and sliding out the paper. He unfolded it quickly, his eyes widening as he read the words:

Mental

Before their deaths, you, intentionally or not, put each and every one of your victims through a rigorous mental torture. In the time before their deaths, they battled with themselves over several issues: why was this happening to them, what had they done to deserve such a fate, and, most importantly, whether they would live or die.

It is your turn. You know why this ordeal has been set before you. You have even been given the reason that you deserve this fate. Whether you live or die is completely up to you. In essence, your mental task is quite easy, compared to the trials of your victims. It is a challenge of memory. I want to see how much respect you have for your victims. This could possibly take all day, or it could take no more than an hour, to complete, it all depends on you.

Do you remember all of your victims? Or are they nothing more than tools to help you get your next fix, used and then discarded, from both mind and memory? We shall see.

Your eighth victim. Do you remember her? Do you remember where she lived? In that location her husband will be at the library all day. If you can get to him, find who he is, and confess every deed that you inflicted upon his wife to him, you may move on to the next task. He is well aware of your coming and the information that you bring to him. There are no cameras in the library; your identity will be safe, for now.

Braxton put the paper on the counter. He felt a burning in his chest and realized that he had forgotten to breathe. His hands trembled uncontrollably. Was he really meant to confess to the husband of his victim? Very well. If that was how it was to be, then so be it.

The name of his eighth victim jumped to his mind instantly. Tabitha Kinchen. He knew the names, faces, location, and how he disposed of each and every one of his multitude of victims, as unlikely as that may seem. From the moment that he had decided that he enjoyed killing and wished to pursue it further, he knew that he would never take a trophy. That would be reckless. It served as nothing more than the noose that tightened should the authorities ever catch wind of what was happening. No, he would not be so careless. Instead, he trained himself to remember each detail with clarity. Should he ever feel the need to reminisce, which he did frequently, as most do, all he had to do was look within himself to experience that joy and exaltation once more.

Braxton threw on some clothes: a pair of faded jeans and an old tee shirt. He grabbed a second shirt as he walked out of the bedroom. He grabbed his keys from the hook by the door and left his house quickly.

At this early hour, it took only twenty minutes to reach the small town where he had first spotted Tabitha. She was early in his career, before he had established his three hour boundary line, back when he was so naïve as to think that he couldn’t be caught, that he was smarter than the police. He had escaped capture and imprisonment several times before he rethought his plans and strategies, turning him into the efficient, ghost-like killer that he now was.

He parked his vehicle around the block from the library’s entrance. You could never be too careful as to who saw you coming and going. Grabbing the spare shirt, he tucked it into his back pocket snugly. He walked casually around the block and into the library.

He saw Tabitha’s husband almost instantly. He had watched the two together many times before he had ever approached her for the first time: eating dinner, leaving the movies, strolls through the park, once they even forgot to shut the curtains in the room and he watched as they made love (he watched for only a moment. He wasn’t a pervert. He never touched or raped his victims, male or female). Even if he hadn’t previously known who to look for, he would have been the obvious choice. The ten or so years since Braxton had last seen the man had not been kind. His face had a sallow, sunken look. His pale skin was hidden behind his mangy beard. His eyes still appeared to hide the grief of his loss, and darted around the room suspiciously, waiting for the one who would be approaching him. His dark hair was long and unkempt, probably hadn’t been brushed in ages. The clothes he wore were wrinkled and stained. Braxton thought that if he walked closer, he would pick up the aroma of body odor and despair. He tapped his foot rapidly, and constantly wrung his hands together nervously.

Braxton cocked his head to the side as he watched. Was the plan to make him feel guilty? If so, it wasn’t working. He had learned how to turn off his conscious many years ago. Yes, he was barely a teenager when he stomped on his Jiminy Cricket, squashing it out of existence forever.

He looked around until he found the sign that he wanted. He walked up to the anxious fellow. Without breaking stride, he nudged him with his foot as he walked by, grabbing the man’s attention.

“Bathroom. Now.” Braxton told him, and headed towards the bathroom sign that he had spotted. He never stopped to look back. The fool would follow; he was pushed by the unknown, too driven not to.

Braxton swung the door open, satisfied that the bathroom was empty. Never too cautious, he walked down the aisle of stalls, pushing the doors open one at a time. At the end, he turned, watching the door and waiting patiently.

“Lock it,” he told the grief-stricken husband as he entered the bathroom.

The man did as he was told and turned to face Braxton. “I was told that you know what happened to my wife.” His voice was anxious, his words eager for the answers that he had waited almost a decade for.

“Who told you that?” Braxton asked. The odds of this guy knowing were slim, but, hey, it was worth a shot.

He shrugged. “I never met him. He called me and told me that if I wanted answers, I needed to be here all day. That the one with the answers would be meeting me.” The pain in his eyes had faded now. In its place was a desperate need for closure, almost a sense of pleading. “Please tell me if you know.”

“She’s dead,” Braxton said coldly. “Her body is buried five miles north of here, down a small road. Tinkerton Way is the name. On your left will be a field. In that field is a small copse of trees in the northeast corner. She’s buried in the center of those trees.”

The man wore a look of bewilderment. “How could you possibly know that?”

“It’s easy,” Braxton smiled smugly. “I put her there.”

In a flash, the man was across the bathroom. He attacked without warning.

Although he knew he should have been expecting it, Braxton was caught totally off guard. The man’s haggard, weak appearance had been deceptive, and he had been lulled into a false sense of security by it. Perhaps he was only fueled by hate and pain, but Tabitha’s husband’s strength and speed had been well hidden beneath that exhausted exterior.

He crossed the bathroom in a few short strides. Before Braxton knew what was happening, the man had his shirt firmly clenched in one hand, and was swinging fiercely with the balled up fist of his other. Braxton’s vision blurred as his head was jerked to the side from the force of the blows. Bursts of light exploded across his field of vision. Braxton felt unconsciousness closing in, reducing his vision to a tiny prick of light as the darkness consumed him, as a volley of blows landed with concussive force.

Braxton went limp. The assailant released him, allowing him to slump to the floor in a heap. He could feel the heat rising from his battered face. His eye was already beginning to swell, leaving only a small slit open. He could feel his mouth and cheeks expanding as the puffiness began to break forth. Blood flowed freely from his nose and a small rill poured from his burst lips. The taste of copper was strong in his mouth as it filled with blood. He could feel a prominent sting on his cheek. Reaching up with a shaking hand, he felt the slice that had opened just beneath his eye, causing him to wince as he drew his hand away.

Tabitha’s husband, Charles, if he recalled correctly, stared down at the murderer, the one responsible for the rapid decline in his life, the loss of his beloved. Hatred filled his every feature; it teemed behind his eyes, waiting to be unleashed. He backed away from Braxton, never taking his eyes from the injured man on the floor. He looked down, examining his bloodied knuckles, his face twisted in a hateful sneer. He stared at his wounded hand for a few moments, then allowed his eyes to slowly drift back up to Braxton. Braxton felt a new sense of unease as he made eye contact with Charles. The hatred that was contained just behind his eyes was now gone; it had been replaced with something else, something fearsome. It was filled with something that Braxton knew quite well, an emotion that he had become well acquainted with over the years, like an old friend. Those eyes were filled with murder personified.

“Why?” His voice was harsh and ragged, strained through the exertion of his screams, mouthed through gasps of air. “What did she ever do to you?” His eyes were brimming with tears, glistening under the fluorescent lights.

Braxton stared vacantly at him.

“Answer me!” he screamed. His face flushed with rage, turning it a deep maroon. Veins bulged and throbbed beneath his skin. He began to tremble uncontrollably. He lashed out, kicking Braxton with all his might, connecting with his ribs with a hollow sound.

Braxton grunted painfully. He looked up at Charles, the anger that resided within him, always waiting to surface, began its ascent. It longed to be let free; it yearned for it always. “There was no reason,” he said defiantly, spitting his mouthful of blood onto the floor. “I was searching for a victim; she caught my eye. There was nothing more.”

Charles’ eyes widened in disbelief. He was clearly taken aback. His voice was full of incredulity. A bewildered look dawned on his face. He stared out blankly, his eyes empty.

“No reason?” He was talking to himself more than to Braxton, his words distant and almost dreamy. “It was nothing more than ‘wrong place, wrong time’?”

He looked back down at Braxton. “Get up,” he commanded, his voice stern and cold. As Braxton clambered to his feet, he reached around his back, pulling out the kitchen knife that he had concealed in his waistband.

Braxton stood, wobbling uneasily. His eyes widened as they rested on the knife, glinting in the light. He opened his mouth to protest, but closed it before he made the first sound; nothing he said would alter the course of events that were about to transpire.

“I’ve waited for this for almost ten years,” Charles said matter-of-factly. He watched the light flash from the blade as he twirled it in his hands. Without warning, he lunged at Braxton, brandishing the knife before him menacingly.

Braxton jerked sideways in a swift movement. He grabbed Charles’ wrist tightly and pulled. Charles’ eyes went wide in shock at the swiftness of Braxton’s movements. Had he not just been staggering, practically unconscious on his feet?

With a measured, precise movement, Braxton snapped Charles’ wrist back, forcing the hand open. The knife fell from his grip and hit the floor in a clatter. A yelp of pain escaped Charles’ lips. Grabbing Charles by the back of his shirt collar, Braxton slammed his head down on the sink with a loud hollow clink. Blood began to pour instantly from his forehead, rushing out in torrents. He threw Charles to the floor and stood atop him.

“You want to know what happened to your damn wife?” he said. His voice shook with fury, that familiar warmth washing over him, finally released from its confines within Braxton’s mind. He kicked Charles in the ribs with all his might, relishing the sound of pain that wafted up to his ears as he did so.

Braxton turned and picked the knife from the floor. He held it out before him as he turned around. “How about I just show you? You look like you’ve been in so much pain. Like you’ve missed her so very much. What if I help you get to her faster?”

Braxton bent down over Charles, who was still dazed from the blow to the porcelain sink. His eyes struggled to focus, barely remaining conscious. He fingered the tip of the blade idly. Flipping the knife in his hand with the ease of a seasoned chef, he traced it down Charles’ torso, feeling it drag across each of his ribs, bumping slightly. With his free hand, Braxton covered Charles’ mouth as he slid the blade between his ribs. Crimson roses began to bloom on Charles’ shirt as blood escaped from the fresh wound. Charles’ body strained against the pain as the cold steel slid deeper into his body, his cries of agony muffled by the hand covering his mouth. Tears began to flow freely as Braxton drug the knife across his midsection, widening the wound. Braxton’s eyes lit up, the pain in his face forgotten in the ecstasy of the kill.

“I’d love to stay and play,” Braxton said into Charles’ ear. “Really I would, but I’m on a bit of a schedule. Give Tabitha my best when you see her.”

With that, he slid the blade across Charles’ neck and stood. He listened to the gurgling of Charles drowning in his own blood with a pleasure that he couldn’t obtain by any other means. Grabbing Charles’ shirttail, he meticulously wiped away any fingerprints that he may have left on the murder weapon and dropped it into the restroom’s waste basket. He turned and began to wash the blood from his face gingerly, wincing at the tenderness of his swollen, battered face. Grabbing the now-lifeless corpse beneath the arms, he dragged it into the last stall, propped it on the toilet, and swung the door closed. After wiping any traces of blood from the floor and disposing of the blood-soaked paper towels in the trash, he washed his hands, dried himself off, and reached into his back pocket, removing the extra shirt that he had thought to bring from home. He removed his bloodied shirt, placed it in his back pocket, and put on the fresh one.

He walked briskly to the car, careful to watch his pace lest he should attract attention. The body would be discovered soon enough; he didn’t want to give anyone a reason to remember him at all. The bruised face that he now wore was bad enough.

Son of a bitch, he thought as he pulled away from the curb and merged into traffic. I was supposed to die here. That bastard that broke into my house set me up to be killed! It was just as well that it had happened; now he knew how the game was to be played. The rules weren’t as he thought them to be. As he thought back, he realized that the Teacher hadn’t mentioned any rules. It was his own assumption that there had been any, and that assumption had nearly killed him. This new knowledge may not change anything, he was at an obvious disadvantage, but now he knew to watch himself more closely.

Braxton was still fuming when he pulled into the driveway. He stormed into the house and went directly to the counter. He picked up the next envelope, the second of his three tasks. He ripped the end of the envelope away madly and slid out the paper, unfolding it.

Physical

You have managed to complete and survive the first challenge. You are proving to be a formidable adversary. There may be hope for you yet. Do not boast; the game is still in its adolescence. You still have two lessons awaiting you.

Throughout the course of your murderous career, you have inflicted an incalculable amount of pain to your victims. To finish this task, the pain that you inflict must be upon yourself. You may have noticed the scale that I have placed on your table while you were out.

Braxton turned and looked at the table. A feeling of apprehension built within him instantly as he saw the scale and found that the Teacher was indeed speaking the truth. He dreaded the lesson that lay before him. His eyes returned to the paper in his hands.

On one side of the scale is a one pound weight, the other is empty, as you have no doubt seen. Your task is to balance the scales. Should you desire to keep your miserable excuse for a life, I expect a pound of flesh placed in the scale to counterweight the lead weight and balance the scales.

The choice is yours.

Braxton sat frozen, reading and rereading the second letter. Did the stranger seriously expect him to do such a thing? He crumpled the paper into a tight ball and dropped it onto the counter. He glanced at the stove; it was now just after ten o’clock. Less than ten hours left. He slammed his fist on the countertop in frustration and let out a pained yell. How had things come to this? How did this complete stranger know so much about him to put him in such a position?

Braxton walked to the table and examined the scale. There was nothing spectacular about it; silver, plain, devoid of any ornamentation or engravings. They reminded him of the scales held by Lady Justice on the walls of every courthouse in America. Yet, despite their plain, simple appearance, they held within them the power to induce dread and malice, both of which Braxton felt as he stared dumbly at the magnificent artifact that held such a significance in his life at this moment. Dread due to the inevitable pain that was sure to follow, as soon as he managed to work up the nerve; malice for the so-called Teacher who had placed him in such a position.

Braxton’s eyes narrowed as he focused on the small, lead weight on the left side of the scale, a nondescript square with the number one carved into the side. It wasn’t the weight that caught his attention, but the small, white triangles that protruded from beneath. He took hold of the objects, the corners of some paper clippings, and pulled them out, looking them over.

They were articles that had been printed from the internet. No, articles wasn’t the right word. Obituaries: that was what they were. He thumbed through the papers, eyes skimming over the words. Each person had died a sudden and mysterious death, but, strangely enough, foul play hadn’t been considered in the cause of death. That would mean that the Teacher was either a terrific liar, or, even worse, he was a superb killer. Braxton laid the five slips of paper on the table in front of the scales, spreading them out evenly before him. He stared at them, bewildered. He didn’t know what to make of them. Were they meant to be warnings to do as he had been told, a clever ruse intended to push him further along this twisted game? Undoubtedly, the Teacher knew that he would be apprehensive with this lesson, more willing to risk himself rather than inflict the torturous pain that was intended.

“No,” he said to himself, pushing the obituaries away roughly. “I won’t do it.”

As if on cue, the telephone rang. The sudden chirping sound was a cacophony in the still air of the silent house. Braxton started, a small yelp escaping from his throat. He stared at the phone speculatively as the ringing continued, echoing through the rooms. After several moments, he reached out tentatively, his hand shaking slightly, and grabbed the handset.

“You wouldn’t be thinking about crying off, would you?” a gruff voice asked before Braxton could speak. “I would highly discourage such a course of action.”

Braxton couldn’t speak. Try as he might, his mouth wouldn’t form the words, leaving him silent. Instead, he stared silently at the scales on the table as he listened to the Teacher speak, his words cutting into Braxton’s psyche like a straight razor.

“Did you not receive the articles that I left for you? There’s no use denying it; I know that you did.” The Teacher chuckled maliciously. “I suppose that you have reached the conclusion that I had nothing to do with the demise of the subjects of the articles. That it’s nothing more than a clever trick to goad you into playing along, furthering your education. I can assure you that this is not the case.”

Braxton was finally able to find his voice. “That’s exactly what I think, you son of a bitch.”

An exasperated sigh travelled across the miles through the telephone wires and escaped through the speaker. “Such vile language is really not necessary.”

Braxton pulled the phone from his ear and stared at it incredulously. Was this guy serious? “You set me up to be killed!” he screamed into the receiver. He could feel his temper rising uncontrollably. At that moment, there was nothing that he’d rather do more than get his hands on this self-proclaimed Teacher. He had been caught off guard on their first meeting; it wouldn’t happen again.

The Teacher ignored this remark, instead continuing with his train of thought. “Let me ask you this; when you consider all that I know, the great lengths that I had gone through to enlighten you and change you, do you doubt?”

Braxton considered these words in silence. He wished that he could disregard the words, but deep within himself, he knew it to be true. If he wanted to survive this ordeal, he had no choice but to follow the Teacher’s directives. If he was going to live, he was going to have to suffer. While he came to this conclusion, he failed to notice that he was now alone on the line; the Teacher had left him to draw his own conclusions and decide his own fate.

The images flashed across the mirror in a blur as Braxton opened the medicine cabinet. He had made his decision. As much as he despised the thought, the Teacher was at an obvious advantage. He seemed to know everything about him, while Braxton knew nothing of the Teacher. This being the case, he had no choice but to endure the two lessons still set before him.

He rummaged through the medicine cabinet, pulling out various bottles of pain killers and setting them beside the sink. The Teacher had set the task before him, this twisted game for his amusement, but he had said nothing to the effect of Braxton not dulling his pain. And he intended to do just that. He knew he had to be careful. He still had another task beyond this one, a third envelope yet to be opened; he needed to remain in full control of his faculties.

Braxton poured out five of the strongest pain pills that he could find into his open palm. After eyeing the pills for a moment, he reconsidered, and poured five more into his hand to join the others. He shifted the small, white ovals around in his palm with his finger, hesitant to take them. To do so would be the first step in a chain of events that led to his own agony. On the other hand, he knew that he was wasting valuable time.

To hell with it, he thought and popped all ten pills into his mouth at once. He chewed them up, grimacing at the chalky, bitter taste that filled his mouth. He grabbed the bottle of vodka that he had set next to the sink and put the rim to his lips. Tilting the bottle up, he gulped down the alcohol, relishing the slow burn that replaced the taste of the bitter paste in his mouth. He gulped loudly, watching the bubbles rise in the clear liquid, loud glugging noises sounding out with each gulp. He pulled the bottle from his mouth, gasping for breath and fighting the urge to vomit.

Braxton flexed his grip on the knife that he held in his hands. The pills and alcohol had taken effect, blurring his vision and numbing his senses. Had he not seen the handle of the knife firmly within his grasp, he wouldn’t even have known that he was holding it. He swayed slightly on his feet as he stared at the scales on the table.

One pound. That’s what the note said. He could do this. He felt that he had sufficiently worked up the nerve to cut himself, and his body was almost entirely numb. Time was ticking away, one second at a time, bringing him ever closer to that dreaded deadline and the consequence that was promised after. So why was he just standing? Why wasn’t he getting down to the horrific act before he started to sober up and feeling began to return?

He had drunk too much. He knew it. He had wanted to dull his senses, and, in that, he had been successful. But he had forgotten to take into consideration the common side-effect of alcohol. It had entirely slipped his mind in his panic. Until now.

Alcohol thinned the blood. That was why it gave the illusion of warmth when swallowed on a cold day. If he were to begin carving himself up right now, bleeding to death was a very real possibility. The last thing he wanted was to exsanguinate. Suppose his plan hadn’t worked as well as he’d intended. What if he were to lose consciousness, the pain too unbearable, before he could tend to the wounds? Why, he would never reawaken. Instead, he would be found later on, probably once his rotting carcass had begun to smell, its putrid stench of decay finally reaching the neighbors. The police would find his bloated, fly-infested corpse lying in his dining room in a large pool of dried, tacky, congealed blood.

What choice did he have but to risk it? One o’clock was quickly approaching. He had watched the time whittle away as he attempted to inebriate himself and build the courage to do what had to be done. If he were to reconsider this course of action, he would have to spend hours waiting for himself to sober up. The day would be almost complete, and his life with it. No, he had made his decision; now he had to live with the repercussions. Hell, if he died, at least he did so with the knowledge that the Teacher hadn’t been the one to kill him, at least not directly.

He pulled his shirt over his head and sat it on the table, firm in his resolve. With his free hand, he grabbed the skin at his side, pulling it away from his body. He took a second to muse at this; he had been trying to rid himself of his love handles since he had started to gain them at age twenty-five. Now he finally was. He shuddered at the thought. Before he could begin to falter, he plunged the knife into his skin, trying to best to stay as close to his ribs as possible.

Although deadened, his nerve endings screamed as the steel pierced its way through them, severing them, and out of the other side of the grasped flesh. Braxton let loose an agonized wail. His teeth clenched together tightly, his jaw throbbing, slowly building to a steady ache. He felt his knees try to buckle, and remained standing by a mixture of stubbornness and sheer force of will. The thinned blood began to pour freely from the wounds, obscuring his view of the pained area. It poured down his side in torrents, soaking his jeans, spreading the warmth across his body, and began to pool at his feet, spreading in crimson waves, staining the cracked linoleum floor. He began the sawing motion, feeling his skin tearing as the teeth of the steak knife tore his flesh free from his body. Tears streamed down his face profusely. Braxton bit his bottom lip so hard against the pain that the metallic taste of blood filled his mouth. Lightheadedness washed over him like a tidal wave as unconsciousness sought to take hold. Blackness began to seep into his field of vision, narrowing his sight to a small pinprick of light. He fought back against his body’s natural defenses against such agony. The pain was unbearable, nausea building within him until he vomited. The remains of the vodka and stomach bile splattered down his chin and chest, finally landing on the floor where it mixed with the blood like some new-age piece of art. He felt warmth spread across his groin as his bladder released, but he pushed on, continuing the ragged plastic surgery, his own do-it-yourself liposuction.

His hand shook uncontrollably as he raised it to the scale. Blood dripped freely in small rills from his stained fingers. Braxton had gone white, his skin paled from loss of blood. His breathing was sharp and ragged. Sweat poured down his face, mixing with the rivulets of tears that still streamed from his bloodshot eyes. He uncurled his trembling fingers, dropping the hunk of flesh into the scale.

Braxton waited impatiently while the scale teetered back and forth. He grabbed his shirt from the table and held it to the large patch of exposed muscle and ribs. Blood poured freely from the wound, soaking his shirt quickly. His body cried out in horror at the torture it had endured. He felt his strength leaving him. If he didn’t stop the flow of blood, and soon, he was going to die. But first, the scale.

Braxton blinked rapidly at the scale, his eyes refusing to focus. Relief surged through his body as he noticed the tray that held what had been his side moments ago was resting just a bit lower than the side with the weight. A small sense of elation manifested itself within him. It was a small victory, one that could cause his demise in the end, but it was a victory nonetheless.

He pushed the feeling aside, focusing on his dire situation. He had to tend to his side, and soon. Even if he managed to not bleed to death, he still had infection to worry about. That could wait, he chided himself. First, the bleeding.

Braxton staggered to the bathroom, dragging his body along the wall for support. A large swath of blood trailed behind him on the walls, dripping down in small rills like a scene from a horror movie. He could hear small patters as blood dripped from his body and splashed on the floor. In the bathroom, he pressed a towel tightly to his side and wrapping it tightly around his midsection, stringing it around his body and tying it to keep it in place. He winced, groaning in torment as the coarse fibers of the towel dug into his wound. He stared down at the makeshift bandage. Small roses of blood began to bloom, then stopped suddenly.

Satisfied that the injury was sufficiently tended to for the moment, Braxton made his way back into the kitchen. He sat at the counter, head still spinning, and grabbed the last envelope. His fingers left crimson smudges on the crisp, white envelope. With a deep breath and a sustained effort from his numb, clumsy fingers, he ripped the envelope open. His eyes fought to focus, trying to make some sense of the blurred, jumbled letters on the page.

Emotional

To be reading this means that you have endured much pain and suffering. Have you learned from the lessons that I have been trying to impart upon you? Have you taken to heart all that I’ve tried to impress upon you? I hope you have. I truly do. I commend you for making it this far. You are a far better pupil than any of my previous students. Your resolve is to be admired. Should you have chosen to put that determination to better use, no one would have been able to hinder your progress. Alas, you squandered your life through your misdeeds. The time has come for your final task.

Over the years, your actions have made you an emotional terrorist to your victims and their families. Fear. Despair. Terror. Hope. Your deeds have caused the multitudes that you have touched to experience these emotions plus scores of others. Now it is your turn. It is you who will feel the despair and hopelessness that you have been so quick to impart upon others throughout the years.

You must turn yourself in to the police. Do this immediately and completely. Confess to every death, every act of violence. You will spend your remaining years in prison, but your conscious will be clear. I implore you to consider this course of action and see that it is the right thing to do, not only because your life depends on it, but because it is truly right.

Make no mistake, you have no true choice in this matter. To go against these words is to sign your death warrant. Tucked away behind bars is the only place where you will ever truly be safe.

Braxton allowed the paper to slip from his grasp and watched as it wafted to the ground, his eyes drawn to the drying blood on the sheet. He dropped his head into his hands. What was he to do? If he did as he was instructed, he would die in prison. If he didn’t, he would either be slaughtered by the Teacher, or spend his life running, constantly looking over his shoulder. He had the distinct impression that he wouldn’t be running for long. The Teacher knew things that he had no way of knowing; Braxton didn’t trust that he wouldn’t seek him out in time. He had no choice. If he wanted to live, there was only one option.

Braxton stood on the sidewalk, staring up at the police station, trying to work up the nerve to enter. As he stood there, blood pooling at his feet, the steady throb in his side escalating to a searing pain as the pills and alcohol worked their way out of his system, he thought about the course his life had taken, the decisions and actions that had led him to this point. The first death at his hands had been an accident, of that he was certain. Until he realized how easily he could get away with it, not to mention the rush of pure adrenaline that came from taking a life, from playing God, he had never even considered murder as a hobby. Once he had taken that first life, it had become an addiction.

He had never had a twinge of guilt in all these years. He never stopped to consider the pain and anguish that he caused others. Did he regret what he did now? He wasn’t sure. Maybe he did. Then again, maybe it was just that he didn’t want to die or go to prison. Either way, the Teacher had made his point. He had gotten what he intended; Braxton was no longer in the business of murder. He had retired. He only wished that he had decided to do so earlier.

With a deep breath, Braxton walked into the police station, his haggard, weakened body fighting to stay upright. As he entered, he failed to notice the man standing to the left of the entrance, staring intently at him with a pair of smoky eyes. He was smiling contentedly at a soul that had been touched and reformed. The Teacher pulled a photograph from his pocket and stared down at it. The subject of the photograph was his next pupil, a young woman who he thought could still be saved. He tucked the photo back into his pocket and began to walk down the sidewalk, off to prepare his lessons for his next student.


This is Part One of a three-part series. The next two installments will be posted over the next couple of days; alternatively, you can track The Shredder Monkey Series tag for new updates.

E-mail from: Ian Koros, Contributor, Scientific Fringe Magazine
To: Michael Wyzeki, Editor-in-Chief

Mike,

Several weeks ago, I was presented with a bizarre account I believe you’ll find worthwhile.

A friend of mine first found it.  You know those spam e-mails, the ones that sometimes make their way into your inbox?  For erectile dysfunction pills, diet supplements, et cetera?  Anyways, this friend of mine clicked on the link attached to one of those by accident.

But instead of an advertisement for an erectile dysfunction pill or diet supplement, this one lead to a personal blog kept by a young woman.  A girl named Ariana Gomez, apparently.  I’ve tried to find this Ariana Gomez on Facebook and Instagram, but so far have had no luck.

My friend forwarded it to me, and I printed out the blog entries.  It was a good thing I did, because the link no longer works.  I got an error message the second time I clicked on it.  And a pretty nasty virus, I should add.
Neither of us could find the picture of the monkey that Ariana Gomez refers to.

Below is the account in its entirety, which I retyped word-for-word from my printout.  As to authenticity, you are free to judge for yourself.

Sincerely,
– Ian

*****

Blog entry: September 1st, 2014

Okay.  Hi.  I’m the girl who put up the picture of the stuffed monkey.  You know the one.  Squat, squarish torso.  Long thin arms; skinny little legs that would never support that bulky, squarish body.  Round head with two little ears on top.  Purple, with puke-green details and a big pink circle on what’s supposed to be its belly.  Red eyes and nose, no mouth.  Not sure what’s up with the mouth.

Here’s how it is: this monkey is haunting me.  This little cartoon character – the Shredder Monkey, he’s called – has appeared in my life on two completely different incidents, yet has absolutely no presence in pop culture.  And then there was that singularly disturbing incident at work with the old man with dementia, and what he said …

Anyways.  Lemme start at the beginning.

It was fourteen years ago.  I was eight.  My aunt and uncle had a timeshare by Lake Tahoe.  Every summer, my whole extended family would drive out there for a couple weeks to swim, water ski, barbecue – you know, escape the commute and the suburbs, fun in the sun.

Since other people used the house as well, my dad liked getting an extra day off work and driving out early, just to make sure the place was livable – nothing broken or rotting, no beer bottles or used condoms or dead hookers lying around.

That year, to ease my middle-of-summer boredom, I decided to tag along with him.

So we took off in my dad’s Civic for the eight-hour drive, through an early-summer storm.  At some point, I fell asleep in the back seat, lulled by the sound of rain against the window.  When I woke up, we were parked outside of a dilapidated gas station.

I opened the door and climbed out.  I didn’t recognize the area at all.  The rain had stopped; it was warm, and the sky was bright blue and cloudless.   The gas station had four pumps and one tiny shack that functioned as a snack shop.  There was nothing but fields of tall, yellow grass on all sides.

The snack shop (or whatever it was) looked as though it had been standing since World War II.  It was a little place, with walls of rusted sheet metal and one wood and mesh door.  No windows.  Just three blackened, indecipherable neon signs.  My dad stood outside the car, pumping gas.  He gave me five dollars to buy food.

The inside of the sheet metal shop was scarcely in better condition than the outside.  The fluorescent lights were dim, and dust hung in the air.  The white-tile floor was stained and peeling.  Two old refrigerators rested against the back wall, stocked with soda and beer.  A variety of cigarettes and tins of chewing tobacco were displayed behind the front counter.  And there were several shelves dedicated to snack food.  Candy, chips, beef jerky, plus more substantial stuff – cans of beans, string cheese (I stayed away), tuna, condensed milk, cereal.  All coated in a healthy cover of dust.

I looked around, and realized that I didn’t recognize any of the brands.

A couple examples: CHALK chocolate (at least, I assumed it was chocolate).  Something resembling a Snickers bar in a pastel purple wrapper with bright blue lettering.  I had no idea what was in it, because the nutrition facts and description of the product were all written in a strange language that resembled Chinese characters mixed with Egyptian Hieroglyphs.
 Then, there was some brownish substance in long, skinny plastic packaging.  I guessed you tore open one end and squeezed the contents into your mouth, sort of like go-gurt.  I didn’t know for sure, however, because the label was in another bizarre written language.  Though not the same one.  The CHALK characters featured straight lines and triangles, while this writing was squiggly.

Okay.

A little freaked out, I was about to leave.  Then I glanced at the cereal display, and noticed one box had English writing on it.  SHREDDER SHOCKS.  The box was yellow, and the words were red comic-sans.  Kid’s cereal.  The picture on the front was of a bowl filled with milk and what looked like shredded wheat squares and pastel marshmallows.  The marshmallows were in the shape of purple monkeys.  On the back were the obligatory kids’ cereal box games, hosted by a large picture of a cartoon monkey in a bamboo (huh?) tree.

You guessed it.  Purple, with puke-green paws and circles around its red eyes, big pink circle on its belly.  Square body, long arms, proportionately-incorrect legs.  No mouth.

There was a circle-shaped maze, and text telling you to “help the shredder monkey find his way to the oasis.”  At the upper right corner of the box, the other end of the maze, was a picture of a little cartoon pond, complete with happy-looking fish poking their heads out.  Also, there was a word search, with words like “monkey,” “jungle,” “adventure”… you can guess at the rest.

As I examined the colorful box of cereal, I heard a shuffling that could have been footsteps in the next aisle over.  Thinking it was my dad, I went to look.  But no one was there.  Then, there was a “whoosh” and a SLAM!

The mesh door was swinging.  There didn’t appear to be anyone behind it, and I was alone.  Weird.  The wind, I guessed.  I took it as a hint that I needed to get out of there as soon as possible.

I was hungry, and extremely untrusting of the inexplicably-labeled foodstuffs I’d seen, so I decided to take my chance with the Shredder Shocks.  I grabbed the box, went up to the counter, and paid the cashier.  I don’t exactly remember what the guy looked like.  I think the cash register he used was a manual one.  I exited the store with my snack, climbed back in the car, and a minute later my dad and I were back on the road to Tahoe.

The cereal was pretty good.  Kinda like Lucky Charms and Shredded Wheat Thins mixed together.  I ate handfuls until I was bored of it, then amused myself with the games on the back.  Which were uncharacteristically hard.

I mean, you guys all remember the word searches and mazes on the back of cereal when you were a kid.  They’re made for kindergarteners.  Kindergarteners with IQ’s approaching two digits.  But this maze I couldn’t solve.  I must have tried for half an hour.  It was weird; I could see the entrance, I could see the exit.  There was a clear path leading to and from each, but the paths didn’t connect.

And the word search was utterly impossible.  I decided it must be a misprint.  I tried to work it out on a blank sheet of paper in the back of the Goosebumps book I was reading, but all I found was the same patterns of letters, repeated over and over again.

GARD
NWODR
EH

Confused and frustrated, I tossed the box and my book aside and curled up for a nap.  When I awoke, we were in Tahoe.  At some point while I was asleep, the blue sky had clouded over.  Distracted by the bustle of moving stuff through the puddles into the house, cleaning up, and picking out my room, I forgot all about the cereal box.  Nor did I think about it at all once my mom and my brother Jose and my cousins showed up, nor while we were swimming or barbecuing or camping.  And, two weeks later, when we drove home, the box was no longer in my dad’s car.

On the way home, we didn’t pass the strange, dilapidated gas station.

Fast forward nine years.

It’s 2009, I’m seventeen.  A senior in high school.  I’m at a toy store in the mall, looking for a first birthday present for my cousin’s baby.

As any parent (or aunt or older sister) knows, walking through the stuffed animal aisle in of a chain toy store is a little bit like walking through Disneyland while tripping on acid.  Lots of colors, lots of cute, a little terrifying.  I was between Pokemon and Pillow Pets when I saw it fall and land right in my path.

It was a stuffed monkey.  A purple and pink and green stuffed monkey, with a bulky square body and dangly little legs.  Red eyes, red nose, no mouth.

I picked the little guy up.  I had no idea where he’d fallen from, and I couldn’t find any others that looked like him.  Confused, I flagged down an employee.

“That’s strange,” she said.  “I’ve never this stuffed animal before.  I don’t think he’s one of the ones we carry, maybe some kid left him behind.”

She ended up letting me have him for free.  I don’t know how she would have charged me otherwise; he didn’t have any tags.  So I took the stuffed monkey home and kept him in my room.  The Shredder Monkey, it had to be.  The same monkey as on that bizarre box of cereal I’d bought from that bizarre gas station nine years before.  That bizarre cereal I’d never found again.

I’d looked for Shredder Shocks every week at the local Vons, where I shopped with my mom.  They never had it in stock, and none of the clerks I asked had ever heard of the product.  And when I Google’d Shredder Shocks, I came up with nothing but dune buggies, RC cars, and some episode of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

No big loss.  The cereal hadn’t been that good.  I’d looked for some of the other products I’d seen at that convenience store as well, and found similarly useless results.  I’d come to assume that dilapidated gas station only sold poorly-made local merchandise, or brands that had been discontinued.

But, all of a sudden, the Shredder Monkey was back in my life.

I wasn’t scared of it, at least not yet.  I showed the stuffed monkey to some of my friends, and then to my little cousins’ friends.  No one had ever seen a toy like it, nor witnessed any version of the Shredder Monkey on cereal boxes or cartoon shows or anywhere on the internet.  As far as pop culture was concerned, he didn’t exist.

Now, fast forward five more years.  To this year.  Three days ago.

I work for a small ambulance company out of Glendora.  I graduated from Citrus College with my AA, but wanted to take some time off in order to earn money and focus on getting into a good BSN program.  Life as an EMT with an inter-facility transport company is pretty easy; 90% of the job is driving bed-ridden, confused old people to and from dialysis.

That night, at around 19:00, my partner Ben Cisneros and I were dispatched to San Gabriel Kidney Center to pick up Henry Gaffigan and take him home to Sunshine Convalescent, a delightful little one-star facility where there’s regularly human feces smeared on the floor.  We’d been on since 8:00 that morning and were both starting to drag, but you can’t argue with overtime.  So we got there, got the guy on the gurney, and loaded him into the rig when Cisneros realized he’d left our oxygen bag inside.  He ran back to get it, leaving me alone in the passenger compartment with Produce Aisle Henry.

A little about Henry Gaffigan.

Henry’s 96 years old and weighs around 90 pounds.  He’s got a laundry list of chronic diseases, ranging from anemia to CHF to Parkinson’s disease.  Mentally, he’s what we call a/o times 0, which means he can’t tell you his name, where he is, what day of the week it is, or what’s going on.  Actually, he can’t talk at all; mostly he just stares at you.  His atrophied legs are contracted, his right arm is contracted, and his left arm is ragdoll-limp thanks to his second stroke two years ago.  His back is so stiff you can’t even prop him up in a wheelchair.  He’s on continuous oxygen and, after dialysis, his BP drops so low that twice we’ve had to call 911 from the Kidney Center.

“Hey, Hank,” I said to him cheerfully.  “I’m gonna take your blood pressure real quick, okay?”

He stared at me.

I wrapped our manual blood pressure cuff around his left arm.  The dialysis machine had given me a fairly healthy 112/54, but those things love reading high.  I put on my stethoscope and distracted myself fiddling with the earpieces.  Then I heard the whispering.

“New… od…”

I dropped the stethoscope.  No way.  But his lips were moving again.

“New… Odor… Eigh..”

The utterance was a gravelly whisper, drawn from atrophied vocal chords unused for God knows how long.

“New…Odor…Eigh…Guard…”

I stared at him, mouth gaping.  Henry Gaffigan was non-verbal.  We’d taken him to dialysis for three years, he hadn’t uttered a word in all that time.

“Mr. Gaffigan!”  I said excitedly.  “Can you tell me what your name is?”

Then he sat up.

I wouldn’t even call it “sitting.”  It’s more like his body folded at the hips like a hinge.  He didn’t support himself with his hands, and his back didn’t arch at all.  He just sat straight up, like Dracula out of his coffin in the old black-and-white movies.  The nasal cannula attached to his face grew taut, then was pulled from the house nozzle.

Like a puppet’s, his head twisted towards me.

“NEW!  ODOR!  EIGH!  GUARD!” he roared.

His voice was mechanical.  Metallic.  Like the voice your friend’s voice morphs into when she yells into a steel pipe.  And the scariest part was that the jibberish words didn’t seem to be coming from Mr. Gaffigan’s mouth, but from all around me, down from the sky and up from the ground and right in front of my face, all at the same time.

I screamed.  In one desperate motion I opened the back door and jumped out of the ambulance, stumbling as I hit the asphalt and nearly falling onto my partner.  He was back with the oxygen.  As I steadied myself, he frowned at me.

“You okay, Gomez?”

“Mr. Gaffigan… he… he said stuff!” I panted.  “Did you… did you hear?”

He gave me a strange look, then climbed into the rig to secure the oxygen bag.  He stayed in there a minute, and I heard him repeating Mr. Gaffigan’s name, trying to get his attention.  Then, he leaned out the door.

“You sure?” he asked suspiciously.  “He looks about normal to me.  But you forgot to put him on O2.”

Bracing myself, I climbed into the back with him.  Mr. Gaffigan lay motionless on the gurney, exactly how we’d positioned him.  The blood pressure cuff still dangled from his left arm.  His nasal cannula hung at his side, detached.

I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t scared shitless at that point.  I let my partner tend to Henry Gaffigan while I drove to the convalescent home, and the old man didn’t do anything else out of the ordinary.  He was confused, silent, and quadriplegic, just like every transport before.  Was I going crazy?  I knew what I’d heard.  What I’d seen.

And those words… that jibberish.  It wasn’t completely unfamiliar.

As soon as I got home, I wrote down phonetically the syllables Mr. Gaffigan had uttered. (Chanted?  Screamed?)  It was easy; the terrifying sound was unforgettable.

New, odor, eigh, guard.

I puzzled over it.  I repeated the words in my mind, then out loud, over and over again.  I allowed them to blend together, gain meaning, lose all meaning.  And then I got it.

I still live with my parents.  Convenience, mostly; work’s close and they don’t charge me rent.  And my parents have a frustrating habit of keeping everything – all my elementary school projects, high school textbooks, and childhood playthings live in moldy cardboard boxes in the attic.  Which is where I spent that night, digging through said moldy boxes, until I found the one in which my brother Jose’s and my old books were stacked.  Bunnicula, Baby Sitter’s Club, Harry Potter, Beverly Cleary… Goosebumps.  Goosebumps number 3, 15, 23, 12, 7, 36…

Bingo.  Goosebumps number 9.  The book I’d been reading on that long drive to Tahoe, 14 years before.  I pawed through the sticky pages until I found the blank one on which I’d written:

GARD NWODR EH

I took the book back to my bedroom, rearranged the words on a sheet of notebook paper, and compared them to the word salad Mr. Gaffigan had spouted.

Nwodr Eh Gard
New.  Odor.  Eigh.  Guard.

What the fuck.

Maybe I am going crazy.  Because I’m thinking a confused dialysis patient – a nearly-comatose dialysis patient who doesn’t know his own name – recited to me the meaningless syllables I found in a word search on the back of an obscure cereal box fourteen years ago.  A box containing cereal that has, apparently, never existed anywhere except for that dilapidated gas station snack shop.

And that voice.  That hollow, metallic voice.  Booming from all around me, yet inaudible to my partner, no more than 20 feet away.

I looked up.  My eyes rested on the stuffed animal that sat, amongst old dolls and beanie babies, atop my bookcase.  The squarish, purple stuffed monkey with green paws and a pink belly.  Long thin arms, skinny little legs.  Round head, red eyes and nose.

And, even though it had no mouth, I could swear the thing was laughing at me.


“We knew we were scouting for caves, but didn’t have an exact search location. The Sarge had us pair off and reconnoiter in all four directions. Bradley and Jones were the first ones to lose audio contact, although we could still track their movements on our grids.”

“Munch and Green were next to go. Same pattern, loss of audio, but still registering on the O-watch grid. Everyone seemed to be converging in one place. Charley and I then changed direction to meet them.”

The man in the chair was speaking quietly to his superior. He didn’t keep the fear from coloring his voice or causing it to quaver.

The Captain, himself, was conducting this interview with the Corporal. He wanted to hear first hand of how the death of five of his elite fighters came about. He studied the survivor across from him, letting the man talk freely.

“We were operating under the assumption they had found the caves, and they had. We followed their tracks inside. That’s when we realized we too, had lost audio contact.”

Corporal Bryce’s skin was as gray as the chair he sat perfectly upright in, a testament to his training. There was a glass of water and a pack of Marlboro Lights set in front of him, on the table. He had been given permission to smoke and so far had ignored the cigarettes, though the Captain knew he was a two pack a day man.

“Truth is, we weren’t prepared, sir. It would’ve been nice to know just what we were up against. Bravo company was nearly wiped out because higher brass didn’t give a shit about a buncha grunts. No offense sir, it’s just the reality!”

The Captain noted the bitterness in Bryce’s voice, but gestured for him to go on.

“No one told us these… creatures … were fast, and I swear Captain, I’d never been so afraid for my life as when I first saw one of those… things … hunting me and Charley.”

“It sucker punches you twice, when you recognize they were once human. The shock of it nearly got me killed. As it was, they took Charley, sir, just up and snatched him.”

Bryce was wearing a pair of protective eye gear, making it tougher for his superior to ‘read’ his face. Since being retrieved from the mountain, Bryce began suffering from photophobia. It had worsened quickly.

The docs, finding no reason for it, thought it might be psychosomatic. The trauma Bryce had gone through, whatever he had witnessed in that warren of caves, was too much for his brain to process, so he went ‘blind’.

Bryce’s rasp of a voice broke into the Captain’s thoughts as he started speaking again.

“I’m not ashamed to say it sir, but I ran then, loosing a hail of gunfire as I went. When I reached the mouth of the cave, I rolled out of the entrance, turned, knelt, and brought my scope up to look through the infra-red, primed to fire. One of those ‘things’ had been chasing me, but I couldn’t see it.”

The Captain could see Bryce was struggling with the memory. He waited patiently for Bryce to continue.

“I… I couldn’t see it, because it was clinging to the ceiling, Captain.”

Bryce stopped a moment to let the shock of that statement settle. He seemed to gather himself, squared his shoulders and continued on.

“That was when I began to hear it. It was soft at first, more a vibration you feel in your gut sir, you know? Rather than hear.”

The Captain had heard of some odd reports from other companies. Their scouts telling of hearing ‘music’ before they went missing. Bryce was the only one to come back, having experienced it.

“It was… haunting. Hunger and longing, promising you fulfillment.”

Bryce seemed to smile slightly, almost wistfully, before speaking again.

“It was torment, but so sweet it made you crave the caress of it in your mind. To want a consummation with it so deep it bleeds your humanity dry, turning you into a husk of need.”

Bryce spoke with such undisguised lust, that the Captain barely stopped himself from recoiling in disgust.

“It became everything I ever wanted, and was secretly wishing for.”

“It compelled me back into the cave, sir. I don’t know when I had pushed the panic button on the O-watch. Must’ve been on the roll-out. Glad I did though. Especially after I found what was left of Charley.”

Bryce hung his head in solemn remembrance of his friend.

He reached for the water and changed his mind, letting his arm drop back to his lap, after a moment his hoarse voice went on.

“I don’t remember much after that. Couldn’t tell you how I got the punctures in my leg. Doc said they were at the femoral artery too. If the Sarge hadn’t found me, I’d be a goner along with Charley and the rest.”

“Sarge said I was crumpled there, just barely outside the mouth of the cave, lying on a pile of rock, bleeding out. They found Charley and the rest further down in a strange dirt chamber.”

“Too late though, they were all corpses.”

Corporal Bryce stopped then and looked up at his Captain, his face wearing an unfathomable expression.

Bryce started to rapidly transform. His whole lower jaw unhinged, displaying razor sharp teeth. He reached up and ripped the eye gear off. His eyes, now blazing red orbs.

The Captain’s disbelieving brain was too slow in warning, as Bryce leaped across the table…

“Why don’t you join them?”


I am awake.  I don’t recall falling asleep and am not real sure how I got into bed, but I am awake now.  There is a very distant ringing in my ears, sort of like the aftermath of a concussive blast that makes you deaf, only this ringing seems far off inside my head.  Must have had a rough night I suppose, although honestly I can’t really recall the previous evening or any evening for that matter.  Yep, must have been one hell of a night.

I roll out of bed and my feet hit the cold, hard tile floor of my bedroom.  Rubbing my hands over my face I try to shake the cobwebs of sleep – and whatever I may have drank last night – out of my head. Glancing out of the nearby window I see a gloomy, overcast sky and a light rain falling on the leafless forest of trees that surrounds my property.  Is it Fall?  I honestly cannot remember.  Ugh!  I swear, God, I will never drink that much again.  I have made that same hollow promise a hundred times before I am sure.

Moving off of the bed, I walk down the hall and descend the staircase that leads to the main level of the house, the top three stairs creaking under my weight as they always do.  Midway down the stairs, I can see outside through the Amityville Horror-style window over the entryway that the drizzle and clouds have settled in and are likely going to be hanging around a while.  I’m not going to go to work today.

Wait.  I don’t have to work today, right?  It’s the weekend, isn’t it?  I shake my head vigorously and make that same hollow promise to God again.  This day is going to be far worse than my night must have been.

The kitchen has a digital clock, so I stumble in to check the day and time just to be sure I don’t need to call in – ahem – sick.  Clock says 9am – I’m late if it’s a weekday – and it is Sunday.  Excellent.  Time to crash on the couch and do nothing.  My God I am tired.  That couch is calling my name right now.

I leave the kitchen and move through the archway into the living room, noticing that the hardwoods are just as cold as the tiled floors upstairs.  A small shiver moves up my spine and I make a turn towards the thermostat to crank the heat up before lying down and covering up with the throw blanket hanging over the back of the couch.

The worn, cold leather of the couch creaks under my weight.  I hear the familiar click of the thermostat as the heat kicks on and pull the blanket in tighter, close my eyes and try to fall asleep.  Maybe this hangover – worst one I ever had and I still can’t remember the party.  Hell yeah! – will be gone after a good, late morning nap.

The whispers start immediately.  I bolt upright on the couch, throwing the blanket aside as I do, and scan the room.  Aside from me, the living room is empty.

The upstairs bathroom fan is running.  Did I leave it on?  Did I even go in the bathroom this morning?

I sneak quietly from the living room, through the kitchen and peek around the corner.  Silent as a church mouse.  I had to have been a ninja in a past life or something.  I look up the stairs and see that the bathroom light is on and the exhaust fan is definitely running.  Maybe I destroyed the toilet last night and left it running to kill the smell before stumbling to bed, I think.

But the whispering starts again and it is coming from the bathroom.  No time for subtlety now, so I bolt up the stairs – the top three creak as usual – and burst into the bathroom.  If there is someone in here they are about to get their ass kicked.  But the bathroom is empty and the whispering has stopped.

Okay, I am far more hung over than I thought.  I flip the bathroom wall switch to kill the lights and the fan then realize my bed isn’t far away at all.  Sleep.  I need sleep.  I am so tired.  The bed is there, in my room, dark and inviting.  I will just sleep this off and wake up feeling much better.  Time for that nap.

I lay down on the bed, sinking into the mattress like butter melting on a hot pan, pull the covers up to my chin, close my eyes and sleep.

Or at least I think I went to sleep.  I am definitely awake but I don’t recall falling asleep or dreaming.  The darkness has crept into the room like a cat burglar, casting shadows on the far wall that look like little demons ready to jump out of their two dimensional wall canvas and attack as full blown three dimensional horrors.  Must be night time because I can’t see anything through the window, but I can still hear the faint pattering of the rain on the roof.

I throw the blankets back, sit up and rub my face again.  Still tired and groggy.  And hung over.  I leave the demons behind me on the bedroom wall and head to the bathroom.  The light is still off so I flip it on.  The light from the molded glass fixture dances all over like miniature crystal ballerinas and the exhaust fan comes on.  I sneak a peek into the toilet – Nope.  No prayers offered up to the porcelain god in here, I think to myself.

As I turn to the mirror to face myself and dreading the site I will behold in this rough state, sounds from downstairs freeze me in my tracks.  It is the unmistakable sound of silverware on plates.  Someone is eating dinner in my house.

The top three stairs creak once again as I fly down to the first floor, burst into the kitchen – throwing the door wide as I enter – and head towards the dinner table by the bay window.  There are plates here, remnants of a half-eaten meal on each of them.  But whoever was here, eating my food, left in a hurry when they heard me coming.

The hardwood floor leading to the front door sounds like a herd of elephants is holding a track meet on it.  The bastards are running out the front door.  As I quickly head to the entryway, I see the door close and hear the deadbolt click into place.

They have a key?  They must have because they just locked the door from the outside.  I peer through the stained glass window slits that are on either side of the front door but I cannot see anyone in the blackness of this rain-soaked night.  Enjoy the weather you pieces of shit.

The idea that someone was in my house, eating my food and has a key disturbs me.  There was clearly more than one and while my past life ninja skills might help me fight them if they return, I don’t want to pin my survivability hopes on reincarnation theory.  Besides, I am just so tired.  Let the cops do their job.

I grab the phone off of the wall and dial 911.  Nothing.  I hang up and try again.  Still nothing.  There is no dial tone.  Did they cut the lines?  Bastards.

Now I am pissed.  They were in my house, eating my food and now they have cut the phone lines?  Well, they don’t have a car because I would have heard it fire up and drive off.  Their asses are mine.

As I storm out of the kitchen towards the front door, I leave a trail of dinner plates, silverware, half-eaten food and anything else on the counters strewn on the floor.  That dull ringing in my ears has intensified a bit, I am tired and groggy, but I don’t care.  I am pissed.

I open the front door so fast I don’t even feel the brass handle in my palm.  It slams shut behind me.  Taking long, determined strides into my fog-covered front yard – seems the rain has let up – I start scanning for assholes and elbows because I am sure those fuckers are running away.  I spend the next hour searching the yard along the tree line but don’t find any sign of people.  Whoever they were, they are long gone now and dammit I am still tired as hell.  I don’t have time for this.

As I head back to the house, I notice that the lights in the entryway are on.  They cast a glowing image of that Amityville window above the doorway onto the stone slab porch and front yard.

And the front door is open.

I don’t remember closing it but I know I heard it slam shut behind me.  I break into a full run and charge into the house, stirring up a vortex of wet, dead leaves in my wake.  I notice that the ringing in my ears has increased in intensity and I can hear the din of whispers over the tone in my head.

As I storm onto the cold, slick floor of the entryway I see three people.  The first is clearly a priest of some sort.  He is holding up a rosary with one hand and has a small, opened Bible in the other.  The second person is a short, sad looking woman with a floor length coat pulled tight around her, its fur-line trim and collar cinched closed with little wooden pegs.

The third person is my daughter.

I almost forgot I have a daughter.  How could I forget her?  She is beautiful, standing there in front of me.  I have a tremendous sense of loss and realize I miss her so much, but cannot figure out why.  Didn’t I just see her the other day?  Well, didn’t I?

Images of a beach, the warm salty air on a windy day flash through my mind.  My little girl is there and we are flying a kite.  I can hear the waves crashing onto the sugar-sand shore and my daughter laughing as we run through the surf flying a kite.  It was a great day.  And she was so young, beautiful and full of life.

She is crying now, mouth covered by her hands as she scans the area of the entryway we are all standing in.  She looks at me quickly then her gaze moves on, searching, but for what?

The sad, little woman with the fur-trimmed coat, however, looks right at me.  She has a grim look on her face as she pats the priest on the shoulder and shakes her head.  The priest stops waving that stupid rosary around, goes silent and then moves to hold my daughter as if to console her.

“He is here,” says the short woman.

My daughter lets out a sob and the ringing in my ears gets loud.

“He is confused and angry.  He doesn’t understand yet.”

My daughter uncovers her mouth and her lips quiver.  She squints her eyes as if to hold back more tears.  “Can he hear me?  What’s he saying?” she asks.

The short woman shakes her head.  “It doesn’t work like that.  He can hear you, yes.  But I don’t hear what he says.  Just emotions.  Feelings.  You can speak to him.”

My little girl, little no longer as I realize she is a full grown woman now, wipes tears away from her eyes, sniffles and offers a smile.  I sort of laugh because she must think she is looking at me but instead she is looking just off to my left.  But why wouldn’t she be able to look right at me?  I am standing right in front of her.

“Dad, you can go now.  We are going to be okay.  Mom and I love you and miss you so much but you have to go.  You will be better off.”  My daughter laughs a little and smiles that smile I always loved to see.  “Don’t worry, I won’t let Mom sell the house.  I know you love it.”

The ringing in my ears is nearly deafening now but I do not care.  Why is she talking to me like this?  Why does she want me to leave?  And why is she not the ten year old girl from my memory?

I realize I am screaming these questions at her.  The ringing has become full blown pain in my head but I don’t care.  I press my hands to my ears trying to block out the noise, shake my head side to side and continue screaming questions at my daughter.

The short woman shakes her head again.  She casts a sad look towards my daughter.  “He is angry.  He is yelling at you – I can’t hear the words – but he doesn’t understand why you are saying these things.  He is very, very confused.  He doesn’t know it is time to move on from this life.”

Wait.  What did she just say?  I stop screaming and lower my hands.  The ringing in my ears is subsiding and instead begins a slow decent into a single, harmonious tone.  What does she mean that it’s time to move on?

My daughter smiles again.  I have missed that so much.  “Daddy, we love you.  It is time for you to move on.  You can’t keep scaring the hell out of Mom and I.  We appreciate you staying with us to make sure we are okay – and we are – but you need to go.”

Behind my daughter, the kitchen doorway suddenly flares to life with the brightest light I have ever seen – pure, clean and inviting.  That harmonious tone grows louder.  Not painful, but inviting.  I look away and to the three people standing before me.  They do not see the light.  It beckons me, so I begin to walk towards it.

The short woman pats my daughters hand a nods her head.  Her smile tells me she knows what is happening even if I do not.  I move closer to the light, its beams of white falling over me like loving arms pulling me into their embrace.  The tunnel entrance is so close now but I stop and turn to look at my daughter one last time.  I mouth the words I love you knowing that no sound will come from my lips.  The short woman whispers to my daughter.  She sobs briefly then says “I love you, too, Daddy.”

I step into the tunnel and let the light take me.  The tunnel isn’t very long and the light near the end begins to shift.  I can smell warm, salty air and I hear the crash of waves on a sugar-sand shore.  My little girl giggles.


Nightmares.

I never really understood them because I never had them. This is why when I did, I was surprised. It was like all of the horrors of reality seeped into my brain with no way of getting out.

At first, I didn’t even know they were nightmares.  I would be watching a man from a third perspective. I never saw his face because he was always turned away from me but from what I did see, he was handsome. He had straight black hair, about 6’2’’ and looked fairly toned. He was always wearing a black suit with a red tie and it was nice and sunny outside. The birds were chirping and there was a slight breeze. I would see him walking on the sidewalk trying to hail down a cab. Every time one would stop for him, everything became silence and turned dark – then there was a snap. I don’t know why but whenever I hear that, it sent a shiver down my spine. It’s not like anything else happens, just a snap.

Now this was a recurring dream, happening about once or twice a week. Each dream was almost exactly the same. The only difference was that a different cab would pull up… and the snap would grow a little louder. A few weeks of continuously having this dream went by. I was in bed one night, thinking if I would have “the dream” again. The low hum of my fish tank kept me awake for a little while until I slowly drifted to sleep. The first thing I saw was the man. The dream carried out like usual. Almost. Everything played up perfectly but it seemed the man was walking towards me instead of away like he usually did. Despite the fact that he was facing my direction, I couldn’t actually see his face. There was an oddly placed shadow that surrounded it like a mask.

A yellow cab pulled up from the distance, he stepped inside and it got dark. There was silence. It was the sort of unnerving silence that you get right before something bad was going to happen. It was like the calm before a terrible storm. Nothing happened. I waited and waited but all I saw was darkness and all I could hear was empty silence. Some time went by until I finally heard the snap. Or was it? It sounded more like knocking… and it was getting more frequent. I woke up when the doorbell rang. Turning over to look at the time, it read 4:57. “What can someone possibly want at this time of night?” I asked to myself.

After quickly pulling on a pair of track pants and a t shirt, I cautiously headed down the stairs. There was a small stream of light flowing through the frosted window on the front door from a dim streetlamp outside. The light reflected onto the floor illuminating the hallway. After getting downstairs, I felt the coolness of the tiles under my bare feet. I got to the door but didn’t see anybody. Whoever it was must have left. I turned back around to go upstairs when something got my attention – I couldn’t see the top. It was as if someone put up a black blanket ending just above the last step. I shrugged it off assuming it was my grogginess getting the better me. However, I was wrong. Halfway up the stairs, I noticed I no longer making any progress. I would walk up one step, then the next, but never actually moved forward. It was as if the stairs expanded infinitely into nothingness. Then I heard the snap. I slowly turned around and saw the shadow of the handsome man in my dream. There was only one problem though…

His head was snapped upside-down. His eyes were just shells in a pitch black socket with a crimson liquid dripping from the bottom. He also razor sharp teeth, dripping with his saliva. I turned back around and began sprinting up the stairs, still without making progress. I heard him dragging his body up behind me which made me sprint harder. However, whatever blackness was at the top of the stairs prevented me from getting there. I heard him get closer and closer until I felt a tap on my back that sent me into a panic. Quickly spinning around, I was surprised to see nothing there. I must have been daydreaming. One thing caught my eye though. There was what looked like a note taped to the outside of the front door window. Recalling what just happened, I didn’t remember the note being there. Silently walking back down the stairs, I headed towards this note. I looked around to see if once again, anyone was there. Nothing.

I slowly reached for the handle which was ice cold when I touched it and unlocked the door. Now outside, I felt the cool fall breeze upon my unprotected arms. I grabbed the note from the door and looked at the paper. It was crumpled up and the writing looked like a 4 year old wrote it. “Look up” were the only two words scribbled on it. My face turned white. When I lifted my head up, the door slammed shut locking me outside. Rising up from the bottom of the door was the man in the suit. He looked exactly the way he did when I saw him on the stairs. Slowly lifting up his hand, he waved, taunting me. He then turned around and walked towards the stairs. Realizing what he was about to do, I screamed.

I don’t think I ever screamed that loud before. I screamed until my face turned red – but nothing. It was silent. All I could hear was the rustle of leaves that were scattered all over the ground. I tried to turn the handle – it was still locked. After slamming the note back on the door, I turned my back against it and began to sob. Whatever nightmare I was in, I wanted out. Then I heard it.

Snap.

…

Snap.

I tried for the door once again. This time, it opened with ease. After opening it, I felt everything get colder. That didn’t make sense though – it was much colder outside than it was inside. Pushing the thought out of my mind, I ran upstairs towards my parent’s room. When I reached it, the door was open. I knocked on it but got no response.

I didn’t know what to expect when I walked into the bedroom. It was too dark to see anything and conveniently enough, the lights are right next to the bed. I walked towards the bed and saw the silhouette of two people in awkward positions lying on the bed. Both of them. Both my parents. How, how could he have done this to them. Their heads, barely visible in the darkness, were snapped upside-down. Their eyes were just shells in a pitch black socket. They both had razor sharp teeth, dripping with their saliva. All around the bed were dark stains. I knew what they were but I tried not to think about it. My dad made a small gurgling sound. I couldn’t handle it anymore. Darkness consumed me as I fell to the ground and passed out.

I woke up in bed. Looking around, I was relieved to see it was just a sick, twisted dream. It was 7:54. I put on my school clothes and headed downstairs to have some breakfast. While I sat down eating at the dimly lit table, I realized my parents weren’t up yet. I shrugged it off remembering that they both worked late last night. After breakfast, I got all my books and headed down the hall. While walking, I noticed something up ahead that made me stop dead in my tracks.

There was a crumpled note, taped to the outside of the door.


Joe slouched happily on his bar stool riding the best buzz of his life. Franky sat next to him, nervously scanning the room.

“Holy shit, Franky. Just…holy shit. There was something in that last one. Dunno what it was but whoo mama! I gotta get me another one of those!”

It was Saturday night and the bar was crowded with twenty and thirty-somethings, a dull roar of conversation filling the air as they joked and flirted. Despite this, Joe was being loud enough to draw some annoyed glares from the patrons closest to where they were sitting. Franky gave the cute blonde next to him an apologetic smile and she rolled her eyes before turning back to the Clint Eastwood lookalike currently chatting her up. Franky swallowed hard.

“Would you shut the fuck up, Joe? First, you can’t have another one of those because you got us kicked out of that bar. Honestly, man, I have no idea how you’ve survived this long the way you act. That chick’s boyfriend is gonna be pissed after what you pulled and I’m not totally sure they didn’t follow us here.”

Joe’s drunken ebullience turned sullen in an instant as he sulkily leaned across the bar, his scowl fixed on the bowl of peanuts resting between them.

“Whatever, Franky. Let ’em come. Flower power back there wants to make an issue of it, he’s more’n welcome to try. I’ll feed his head to his own asshole. Prick has a problem with me, he should learn how to keep a tighter watch of his woman.”

Franky sighed. He’d been out with Joe enough to know there was no reasoning with him when he got like this. “Yeah, I’m sure you would, Joe. Anyway, we should think about getting back to the house. You know how pissed Boris gets when we miss curfew. It’s getting late, and if we don’t get back soon we’re gonna be toast.”

“Awe, Franky, you little bitch. Fuck Boris. You know that asshat just likes to think he’s got control of us. What’s he care if we come in at two or three? No difference. I’m getting another drink before we go.”

Franky reached over and pulled on Joe’s shoulder. “Dammit, Joe, you don’t need another drink! You’re drunk enough as is; any more in you and you’re likely to start something that’ll have us against the whole damn bar! And I don’t care how tough you think you are, if that happens we are going to most likely get the shit kicked out of us! Then we’ll be lucky if we can crawl back to Boris’ place and even luckier if he lets us inside!”

A cold metallic sheen slid over Joe’s eyes and his mouth drew into a hard line as he reached up and took hold of Franky’s wrist in a crushing grip.

“Get your fucking hands off me, Franky.”

Franky let go of Joe’s coat and gulped. “Yeah, sure, Joe. Whatever you say, man.”

A single bead of sweat rolled down Franky’s forehead as Joe increased the pressure of his hold, tight enough to leave bruises. Abruptly, Joe smiled and released Franky’s wrist. “See there? That wasn’t so hard, was it? Now don’t get your panties all in a bunch. One more drink and we’ll head back to the house so old mother Boris won’t be concerned, ok?”

Franky slumped unhappily in his stool rubbing his sore wrist. “Ok. Yeah, ok. One last drink. Just…just try to control yourself would you? For me?”

Joe laughed, “Only for you, Franky! Now then, let’s see; what do I want? Better make it something special since you’re rushing me over here and…what is that smell?”

Franky noticed it too, the scent of fresh bloomed lilacs ever so subtly laced with something muskier. The two men turned to look at the same time and were simultaneously struck, dumbfounded. The woman that stood in the entryway of the bar was a vision. Large almond eyes the color of dark chocolate were set above lips as plump as ripened cherries. A careless tumble of jet black curls framed the incredibly pale skin of her face, hair so thick it seemed to beg a man to run it through his fingers. She was dressed in a modest black dress that nevertheless served to accentuate her soft curves, the effect exponentially more arousing than any of the far more revealing outfits most of the other female patrons were decked out in. The roar of the room had descended to a quiet buzzing. Taking a moment to survey the crowd, the ghost of a smile reached the corners of her mouth before she made her way to the bar, the gentle sway of her hips holding the profound attention of every man in the room as well as the unmasked disgust of many of the women. Sliding smoothly onto a stool ten feet down the bar from Joe and Franky, the spell was abruptly broken and threads of conversation began to pick up again around them.

Joe turned to Franky excitedly. “Franky, I am gonna tap that shit.”

Franky sighed. “Joe, really? Every other guy in here just thought the same thing, man. I mean look at her! No way is she dumb enough to go anywhere with you. Let’s just get out of here. That chick is trouble, I can feel it. There’s just something about her that isn’t…right, you know? Something off.”

Joe grinned. “Yeah, there’s something off. See that pale skin? Profound lack of Vitamin D. Fortunately for her, I have the cure. Watch and learn.”

“Joe…”

“Look, if she shoots me down, we go home ok? I won’t even try to get another drink.”

“Fine, I’m holding you to that. I’ll see you back here in two minutes, then we’re gone.”

Joe flashed a tooth bearing grin and laughed before sauntering towards the woman who already had three other men clustered around her. Franky leaned back against the bar, ready to observe the comedy that was surely about to unfold.

He could see her watching Joe out of the corner of her eye as he approached, only turning to give him her full attention when he’d gotten close enough to throw her one of his patented pickup lines. “Here it comes,” Franky thought, “the part where she throws her head back and laughs her ass off. Maybe if he uses one of his extra special lines those other guys there will do me a favor and lay him out. Then I’ll just have to get the bouncer to help me cart the shithead to a cab.”

He could see Joe say something then, to Franky’s amazement, the woman’s mouth curled into a wicked grin, her eyes burning with lust filled desire as she hungrily stared at Joe. She raised a single finger to the lips of the man standing next to her who had been obliviously trying to carry on a conversation before grabbing Joe by the hand and pulling him behind her towards the restrooms at the back of the bar. Joe had time to flash Franky an excited thumbs up across the room before the door slammed shut behind them. Franky’s mouth dropped open in shock.

“Holy shit,” he muttered to himself, “maybe I should see about getting another drink after all.”

Instead he simply sat at the bar, waiting for Joe to finish whatever the hell he was doing back there. Five minutes passed, then ten. Then fifteen. After twenty minutes Franky began to get worried. At thirty he got up and started to make his way back to the restroom. Joe would be pissed if Franky was interrupting, but dammit, they’d already missed curfew.  He shoved through the bathroom door and stopped, unable to believe what he saw.

Joe stood slumped against the back wall of the restroom, his arms held on either side by men built like professional linebackers and looking like he’d been beaten to hell. The sultry woman standing in front of him was wielding a pair of pliers. As Franky watched she reached into Joe’s mouth with the tool and, accompanied by a sickening series of cracking pops, ripped one of his teeth out to join the small pile already on the tiled floor beside her. Joe moaned softly as bright red blood steadily pulsed out of his mouth and down his chin and chest.

Franky stepped farther into the room. “Hey! What the fuck are you doing to him?” If he could get one of those guys off Joe, they might just stand a chance of getting the hell out of there. He briefly registered movement to his rear and realized another assailant must have been hidden behind the door. Before he could turn he felt the sharp stab of a needle, then something like liquid fire injected into his neck. Franky fell to the floor screaming and writhing in pain as the poison did its work before finally passing into blessed unconsciousness.

Ice cold water poured over his head woke him up, sputtering. Franky coughed and blinked his eyes, a dull burning still echoing from his neck where he’d been injected earlier. His mouth was so dry, it felt like sandpaper. He looked around. He was sitting, tied to a chair in the middle of a nondescript warehouse, the pale light of dawn shining through the dirt encrusted windows high above. To his right he saw Joe was secured to another chair in a similar fashion, so battered and bruised that if Franky didn’t know better he would have thought the man was dead. The woman stood in front of him holding a bucket, flanked on either side by a pair of her black clad goons. She’d changed out of her dress from the bar into the same military style clothing the men wore. She smiled as Joe moaned through his mouthful of missing teeth, his head lolling in a circle.

“So sorry to wake you, boys,” she purred, her voice velvet over steel, “but I wanted to make sure you were conscious for the big finish.”

“Fuck, lady! What the hell is happening?” Franky croaked. “Who are you? What the fuck are you doing to us? Please, give me something to drink!”

She gestured to one of the men standing beside her, “Maurice.”

The man stepped forward and Franky saw he held a pint sized bag of blood in his enormous hands. Fingers moving deftly for a man of his size he inserted one end of a small plastic tube into the bag and held the other end over Franky’s mouth. A few, small drops bled from the tube onto Franky’s tongue, salty and so rich he almost gagged. Then the man called Maurice was gone, administering the same to Joe before returning to the woman’s side.

“There,” the woman smiled, “one last drink. In answer to your previous questions, my name is Morgana Fontaine. What is happening is I am avenging the death of my darling sister and countless other victims of your horrific appetites.” She turned and walked to the sliding cargo door on the side of the warehouse. “And what I am doing,” she said, heaving at the chain to raise the door, “is ridding the world of two more godforsaken parasites.”

Facing east, the light of the morning sun streamed through the doorway directly onto the two prisoners strapped in their chairs. As the first rays touched them, the men’s skin began to blacken and steam before spontaneously bursting into flame. Now fully alight, Joe and Franky’s screams echoed throughout the empty warehouse, pockets of fat under their skin bubbling and bursting, their eyes melting in their sockets. Morgana and her companions stood watching the conflagration, unblinking, until all that was left of the vampires were two small piles of dust and a pair of greasy black stains.

Approaching the remains Morgana noisily hocked and spat a healthy wad of phlegm into the ash.

“For my sister. Let’s get this cleaned up and get some breakfast, boys. I’m hungry.”

With that, the hunter turned her back, heavy boot heels clicking as she walked through the warehouse door into the welcoming light of day.


As a child, I had always thought I knew what true fear was. The fear of something hiding under your bed, or in your closet. Hell, I thought clowns were the scariest shit there was. Of course, I hadn’t known the feeling of real fear; hadn’t experienced it, until I was twelve.
They say people are most afraid of the unknown, of things they can’t quite explain, things they can’t see. Unexplainable sounds in the dark, paranoid thoughts of monsters creeping in the unoccupied spots of their bedroom. These are the things that people are most afraid of, so they say. This wasn’t exactly true for my case. Sure, sounds in the darkness were a factor, but I knew the source behind the sounds. Oh, I knew. And the knowledge of the source drove terror into me, like a mallet rhythmically driving a nail into me, over and over and over.
I don’t know how it started. It was as if a switch was flipped in her and suddenly she became an uncontrollable marionette (oh, the irony). My father tried to stop her, but she persisted and he eventually gave up trying. I suggested that he call the police, or tell the neighbours, but he dismissed twelve year-old me, and told me he didn’t trust “those corrupt government lackeys” and sure as hell didn’t want the neighbours finding out. They’d have immediately called “that wretched three number hotline”. Besides, he told me, she isn’t harming either of us. I had hoped it would stay that way. She sure didn’t seem like my mom anymore, and I told him so. He yelled at me and scolded me, calling me foolish. I wanted to shout back at him, telling him he has no idea how scared I am every night, hearing her, but I didn’t.

Mother was fine in the morning and for most of the afternoon as well. Although she was always in bed, occasionally sitting up just to stare at the blank wall a few feet past the foot of her bed, she seemed as fine as her condition would deem it. Father was at work. He usually works until two in the morning or so. When my mother first started acting weird, he was afraid to leave me alone, so he took a few days off from work. He didn’t dare hire a babysitter, he trusted those people just as much as he trusted the government. After a few days, he figured it was safe enough to leave me at home, alone with her, and resumed leaving for work every morning. Take care of your mother, he would always tell me before he left. I simply nodded, when in reality, instead of taking care of her, I hid from her. But for the most part, she was fine until evening.
It was only at night, when I’m huddled under the covers in my bedroom, that she begins acting up. That’s when the noises start. I would hear her get out of bed in my parent’s bedroom, and hear her crawl across the hall, making her way to my bedroom. After the first night, I always remembered to keep my door locked. She would crawl; I would hear her crawl, all the way to the front of my bedroom door.
And then the tapping began.
They were just light taps, like how a student would knock at the door of the principal’s office. But the taps, they went on for some time. Just a constant steady tap. I remember clamping my eyes shut, trying to ignore it and go to sleep, and after almost an hour of tapping. It stopped, and I slowly opened my eyes. That’s when I realized the door wasn’t locked, and there she was, at the foot of my bed, just standing there. Staring at me. The fear I felt was real. And it sure wasn’t caused by the unknown. My eyes were open, looking at my own mother (that was merely a label at this point) stare at me. There was something unnatural about her eyes; I think it was her pupils. They were dilated to the point of being dots. Just little black dots.
There she was, just staring at me, not doing anything else. She didn’t hurt me. She just stood there. But there was something terrifying about it. Maybe it was her eyes. Maybe it did have something to do with the unknown. Not knowing what she would do next. Not knowing if she would spring at me, and attack. But nothing had happened. My father eventually came home from work and was greeted with the sight of his wife (only a label now), and his son, covered in sweat and fear.

The days following that incident, I had always kept my door locked. I double-check the lock even to this day. Of course, that didn’t stop the tapping sounds. Sometimes I swear they weren’t even coming from outside my door. Sometimes it felt like they were coming from the window, or the closet, or even under my damn bed. Fear of the unknown, that’s always how it is, one way or another, I suppose.
That was when I had my first encounter with true fear, at the age of twelve. Every day after that, the door was always locked. Eventually my mother passed away (cardiac arrest right outside my bedroom, my father opted to bury her in the backyard, can’t go trusting those morticians now), and I moved out. I tried to convince my father to live with me, but he refuses to let go of our old house; he was always a stubborn man.

Life has gotten much better for me since. I landed a high-paying job at a law firm, and next week I have a date with this beaut of a woman I met a few days back.
But, every single night before I fall asleep, as I lay under a new set of covers I bought, I could almost swear.
I swear I could still hear the tapping noises.


The last time we saw Eric, the group of us were hanging out in our usual restaurant, pissing off the staff as usual by being too rowdy and mostly drinking coffee.  We did order big appetizers now and then, and we tipped well, so when they waitresses did give us grief, it was mostly good-natured.  I think the group of us weirdos were their nightly entertainment, truth be told.

We didn’t all meet there every night, of course.  Some nights nobody showed up and other times it was close to the whole group.  This particular night I think there was a half dozen or so.  There were perhaps a dozen of us total, depending on who you considered the core group and who you considered hangers on.  Eric was in that grey area between the two, until that night.

From the moment he came in the door, we knew something was horribly wrong.  He could barely stand, and he was white as a sheet.  His hands were shaking visibly, and you could see white all the way around his eyes.  We made room for him fast, and Juju ordered coffee for him twice; black, in case he was drunk, and decaf, in case he was pissed off.

He was pissed off.  Scared, and pissed off.

He didn’t say anything at first; I am not sure he could even understand our questions.  I got a real bad sinking feeling in my stomach and I squirmed away from the overstuffed booth.  I went to the door to the parking lot and took a look at his truck.  Sure enough, there was something smeared all over the front.  But in the lighting there I couldn’t be sure if it was blood.   Choking down bile, I took an old napkin out of my pocket and swept it along the stain.  Whatever it was hadn’t dried quiet yet.  It was reddish, but mostly clear and shot through with black.  Oil?  I went back to the booth to hear what he had to say.

He blinked, hard, like he was trying to wake himself from a bad dream, and took off his trucker’s hat -a rare enough occurrence that we knew it was bad- to comb his greasy fingers through his unkempt, straw-colored, dirty hair.  Finally he spoke, furrowing his brow.  His gaze became intense, angry.  “She’s fucking with me.”

I saw one or two of the others kind of relax a bit.  Girl trouble, they were thinking, was that all?  But I just set my jaw and stared at him.  After a moment, he saw my eyes over his coffee cup and grimaced; maybe at the horrible coffee, maybe at me.  “Fucking with me.” he clarified.

“Ruby?”  I asked.  That was the name of the last girl he had gone out with.  I think.

He blinked in confusion for a second.  “Ruby?  Aw hell naw.  I might have wanted to run her over with my truck but I never…” he trailed off.  I saw some of the gang glancing at each other around the table.  They were catching on.

Cap adjusted his baseball cap.  He put on a big smile and an exaggerated relaxed attitude, but he kept his voice low.  “Funny you should say that, Rick.  Kind of thought you might have hit a deer on the way here, the way you looked.”  Nate glanced over at me right after he said that, but I held my gaze neutral.  I could not be sure I’d seen blood on the front of his truck, and for that matter it didn’t look all dented up like it should have if he had grazed a deer.  Besides, Eric was enough of a jerk that hitting deer didn’t faze him.  Like most things, it just pissed him off.

Cap can handle himself in a fight, but the rest of us kind of braced.  Juju looked at Eric all sympathetic, which was genuine, coming from her.

None of us expected Eric to start laughing.  It kind of burst out of him, and we started to relax, thinking maybe this was some kind of ‘gotcha’.  It was the kind of thing Eric would have pulled if he was a little smarter and a little less lazy.  But the laughter went on too long, and it kinda started to sound like crying at the end there.

“Yeah, I hit a deer,” he said finally, as the laughter died out of him. “Dee Ee Ay Ar.”  He let that sink in, while he drank his coffee.

Juju’s hand went to her mouth.  She stared, silent, as the implications set in.

Cap’s expression grew dark, which was expected and bad.  When he got serious, people got hurt.  He was the main man to have on your side in a problem, but you didn’t ever want to be the problem.  We weren’t sure just yet whether Eric was the problem, but the odds were not in his favor.  Cap thought for a moment.  “Is she in the truck?”

Eric shook his head, which Cap did not like.
        “Is she lying on the road, Rick?”
        A dark chuckle, and another head shake.
        “Is she in the ground?”
        Eric spoke this time.  “Hell no.”  He looked Nate right in the eye.  “She’s up, walking around.”
        Cap matched him glower for glower.  “Is she hurt?”
        Eric put down his cup and sat a moment, so we could all see the sincerity in his face.  “No, she ain’t hurt,  Nate.  She ain’t hurt at all, because she’s dead.”

Now we all knew that what Eric was saying was impossible.  But we also all knew he meant it.  So that meant he had gone crazy.

We were all stunned into silence for a moment, and when the chatter started up, he held up a hand to halt it.  He shrugged off his own anger – more like stored it away for a bit – and gestured for Eric to continue.  We were his friends, after all, and we had all seen weird things.  We had to make the effort to believe him.

“I blame Foghat.”  He started with that, and a few of us chuckled and nodded.  No one sane would ride with Eric at the best of times, but the song Slow Ride made him crazy behind the wheel.  “I was taking the old valley highway into town specifically so I wouldn’t have to deal with idiots on the road.  I guess I was a little loopy.  It was a bad combination.  There was no way anyone should have been on that road at that time of night, but there she was.  A dear in my headlights.”

He gave each of us a sour look, and then continued.  “You have to understand.  It was not my fault.  I was driving too fast, sure, and my reflexes were slow, sure.  I admit that.  But the thing is, she was too close to me too fast.  Even on my best day, in broad daylight, at five miles under the speed limit, I still would have hit her.  You have to understand that.”

We all nodded understanding we didn’t really feel.

Whether he swallowed our act or not was irrelevant.  He continued; the pump had been primed.  “I stood on the brakes, or as close to it as I could get without jackknifing the truck.  I will never forget the way she looked.  She had this funny expression on her face.  Not fear, not exactly surprise.  I saw it for a brief instant, and then her body bounced…” Unable to contain herself, Juju interrupted him with a quiet sob.  Cap put his hand on her shoulder.  I grimaced inwardly; whatever else happened, Eric was going to get a bust in the jaw for making her cry.  But not here and now.  Eric had the floor.

“I got out of the cab and ran back to the end of the truck.  She… she was all broken and torn.  Her eyes stared…  I have EMT training, you know.  So I checked.  I checked for a pulse, you know.  I wanted her to be alive so bad.  If I had made a mistake, it would have been the other way.  I would have thought she was alive when she wasn’t.  But I didn’t make a mistake; I know that now.”

“My phone got no bars, which was no surprise.  So I went back to the truck to get on the radio.  Nothing but static, which was a surprise.  It was weird.  Even in the valley, I usually get reception on the radio.  So what was I supposed to do?  If I stayed where I was, I’d cause another accident, or someone would see her body on the road and swerve…”

“So I decided to put her in the truck.  It wasn’t like I was going to make her any deader, you know?  So I climbed back out of the cab, and looked to the back of the truck, and she was gone.”

“Now I know what you are thinking, because I was thinking it then, too.  She was just stunned or something.  She had gotten up and wandered off, maybe into the woods.  I had to find her, or else she would just wander until she got eaten by a bear or something.  I didn’t want her to suffer.  So I  set flares, went out into the woods with my lamp, and I must have wandered around yelling, “Hey!  Girl!” for like an hour.

“I didn’t manage to do anything but spook myself.  The woods were tall and black as pitch.  Every snap of a twig was a bear or a wolf.  My white breath puffing into the darkness was a reminder that I was alive, and that the girl was dead or dying.  And the whole time, I was worried about some joyriding kids getting out onto that road and smacking into my truck or something.”

“I admit; by the time I got back to the truck, I was a wreck.  I didn’t know what else to do, with no radio and no phone and no girl.  I picked up my flares and started home.  It was about a half hour later, when my nerves had just about started to calm down and my brain started to work, when I hit her again.”

We all glanced at each other.  We could feel the crushing weight of guilt in his every word, so we could imagine what tricks his mind had played on that lonely road.  In our glances, we conversed, with something like telepathy: should we stop him?  Should we head out to the old road right now and look for the girl?  In the end, we decided to let him talk.

“Just like before.”  He was staring into his coffee like he could reheat it with his gaze.  “Suddenly she was in front of me, too close for me to stop.  My headlights washed over her, and this time I understood the expression on her face.  It was glee.”

I couldn’t help shaking my head a little to myself.  Rationalization.  She had wanted to be hit, therefore it wasn’t his fault.  I hoped to myself that therapy could fix denial this deep.

“The time after that, and the time after that, and each time, her face held more and more joy before it was mashed into oblivion.  I started driving crazy slow, and finally traffic from behind caught up to me, a sea of traffic, honking, uncaring.  I saw the exit to the diner, and here I am.”

Cap stood.  He started pulling on his jacket.
        Eric stood.  He put a hand on Cap’s arm, but he pulled it back right quick when he saw the look Cap gave him.  “You can’t go out there, man!  You don’t understand what’s out there and neither do I!”

Cap simply said.  “Sun’s up.  We can find the body now.  She’s got family somewhere.  They deserve to know what happened.”

Eric ducked his head guiltily, then covered it with bravado.  “I ain’t going out there again.”

“I don’t want you to.  Stay here.  Drink coffee.  I will deal with this.”

Eric blinked, gratitude spread across his features, quickly followed by stubborn pride and …concern?  I saw him try to think hard (also rare) and then he started laughing again.  The sound was high, strained and completely fake.  “I got you.  Heh, I got you all.  You should have seen the looks on your stupid faces.  Hee hoo.  Well, I’m going to be telling this one for a while.  See you all later.”  He squared his shoulders when Cap stepped into his path.

Eric looked away when Cap talked.  “I am going up there anyway.”
        Eric looked back at Cap.  His eyes looked moist.  “Not if I can stop you.”  The two men squared shoulders at each other, and the thought occurred to me to clear furniture out of the way.  It was at that moment that a couple of thankfully oblivious cops entered.  Eric seized his chance and walked right out past them, almost brushing shoulders with them, and earning a suspicious glance.  Cap, who had a long and unhappy history with cops, turned away.  A moment later, Eric’s truck roared out of the parking lot, and I never saw him alive again.

Sourly, Cap came back to the booth and sat.  “We should go out there”, “we should find that girl, say we happened upon whatever stain in the road there is where she got hit; followed it back to wherever her body is.  It’s just the responsible thing to do.”

I nodded.  “But we should hold up until those cops leave,”  I said.  “If the timetable on our story matches up with them being here, it could look bad.”  Cap furrowed his brow, frustrated with having to wait, but he nodded.

For nearly an hour, we prodded our cold food and drank the bad coffee.  The cops finally left; our communities’ finest were on the job again.

We settled the bill, and I stopped myself just before accidentally wiping my mouth on the sample of …whatever that I had taken from Eric’s truck.  Whatever was on it was jet black now, with the barest hints of red.  It was thicker now, congealed into something like syrup.  It smelled strange; pungent but not completely unpleasant.  It made me think of maggots.  My stomach roiling, I discarded it in the nearest wastebasket.

It was at that moment that the little girl entered the restaurant.  The waitstaff stopped and stared, stunned, as did we.  She looked like seven kinds of Hell, and she was grinning as if she’d just been told to get ready to go to Disneyland.  The only sound was static from the radio behind the counter.

Her feet were bare and covered, no caked, in mud.  She carried a scuffed and torn pair of Mary Janes in one hand.  Her clothes were nothing but rags, pasted to her form with a combination of mud and some darker substance.  Maybe they had been a nice blue dress once; it was impossible to tell.  You could even make out a pattern something like tire treads in places.

More disturbing to us who had heard Eric’s story was the fact that the girl, despite the condition of her clothes, looked perfectly fine.  Every tooth was in place in her little head.  Her hair was matted and streaked with mud, tangled with leaves, but it was all there.  She didn’t have a bruise or scrape anywhere you could see.  It was almost enough to make one think she was indeed part of some elaborate prank, if you hadn’t seen Eric’s eyes.

Her eyes were also strange.  At first they looked like the perfect blue eyes you would expect on a little girl in a tv commercial, but after a moment you caught it.  They did not track naturally; almost as if she were navigating by hearing alone, or some stranger sense.  And she didn’t blink nearly often enough.

She pranced right up to the counter in front of us as if she was in her Sunday best; maybe she was.  “Excuse me, miss,” she said cheerily.  “Have you seen a truck driver come in here in the last hour or so?”  The counter girl shook her head no, unsteadily.  The statement was technically true.  “How disappointing,” she said, flouncing a little in exaggerated frustration.  “I really had been hoping to find my playmate.  We were having so much fun.”  I realized, as utter cold crept up my spine, that we weren’t looking at a little girl.  We were looking at something that was pretending to be a little girl; something that had learned its mannerisms by rote, or which was recalling them from a distant memory.

Suddenly she cocked her head to one side, and made a beeline right for us.  We parted like the Red Sea before Moses, and she proceeded to the wastebasket where I had discarded the sample.  She plucked the napkin from it’s place and regarded it for a moment, not quite sniffing it, but with a similar cant to her shoulders.  “He’s been here,” she said.  “You can’t wipe me away that easily.”

With that she proceeded out the set of doors that Eric had used to reach the parking lot.  She twirled in place a few times, and then headed off, skipping.

We all looked at each other.  I think we all collectively decided, with something like telepathy, to act as if Eric had indeed pranked us with some elaborate joke.  Juju tried to get him on the phone, but all of a sudden she couldn’t get any bars.  We sat back down at the booth and tried over and over again.  Eventually we got cell phone reception back, but calls to him went straight to voice mail.

We never did get up to the valley highway that day.  I guess we figured there was nothing there for us to find.


This is a Crappypasta Success Story – a story that was rewritten with the feedback received on Crappypasta and accepted for the main site. You can see the Crappypasta posting for this story here: The Lost

My name is Clare and I’m from a small country in central Europe. Many people have probably never heard of it. My country has everything from a small coastline on the Adriatic Sea to the majestic Alps but most of the landscape consists of small green hills, each with a little church on top. Almost two thirds of my country is covered with forests and the capitol is famous for its middle age architecture. It is a beautiful country where, most of the time, nothing unusual happens.

Like most people here I live in the countryside where my nearest neighbor is almost a quarter of a mile away. I spent most of my childhood running around the forest right by my home. I can still remember where the best trees for climbing are and where certain flowers grow. Something happened there in the summer of 2001 I will never forget. I was around twelve years old and I had decided to spend my whole afternoon alone in the forest.

As I said most of the country is covered in hills and the hill behind our house is quite steep. At the top of this hill is an old orchard my great-grandfather planted and from it you can almost see the capitol city in the distance. My forest extends from the orchard, across the Karst landscape and almost right to the Italian border. There are a few smaller towns and villages between my home and the border but I never really went very far from the area my family owned. On this particular day though I decided to explore some of the areas I had never been before.

I really didn’t take anything with me and I didn’t bother telling my parents where I was going. I always felt very safe in the woods even though bears were often seen in the area. In reality the most dangerous thing you would normally come across were drunken hunters. The forest is pretty in the summer and the leaves and tall trunks made me feel like I was in a big cathedral. I started to sing a tune I had heard on the radio and before long I was about an hour and a half walking distance from home.

At this point I decided to stray off the main road that leads through the forest. I’m not sure how much time passed but I suddenly realized that the Sun was starting to set and the light was making the leaves glow in sharp colors. Soon I found myself wandering, in the twilight, in an area I did not know. The wind blowing through the dry branches was making very eerie noises and I suddenly knew I was lost.

I could feel my panic beginning to rise and the adrenaline started to flow through my veins. My instincts were screaming to run away, but I forced myself to remain calm and tried to figure out the way back to the main road. It was pointless; I had no idea where I was. I started to walk around aimlessly, hoping to find the road or at least a path I could follow. Suddenly I saw a figure standing in the distance and from its size it had to be a child. I started to walk towards it but the child seemed to notice me and ran away. I chased after it through the forest for quite a long time but I could never quite get close enough to actually distinguish any of its features but it seemed to be a young girl no older than I was at the time.

As I was running after the mysterious girl the ground suddenly gave way beneath me. I experienced that dreadful feeling of falling, like in very bad nightmare, where time seems to slow down and everything is in slow motion. Then came the awful sound of my body hitting the ground and pain erupted through me.

For a moment I lay motionless on the ground trying to catch my breath. Finally I pulled myself together and opened my eyes, waiting for them to adjust to the thick darkness in the cave, where I had landed.

At first everything was pitch black but then I began to be able to see. There was a single pair of eyes staring at me just a few inches in front of my face. I quickly backed away, until I hit something dry and crumbly. Somewhere in the back of the cave a light suddenly flared to life. First there was one, and then more and more, until the chamber was fully lit. There were thousands and thousands of eyes watching me. Dead, dull eyes in dry sockets. Faces whose skin was desiccated and stretched over their skulls. Their mouths hung open, their lips having rotted and pulled back so that it looked as if they were all screaming in rage or terror.

I stared, I wasn’t able to move or scream. I am not even sure I was able to breathe. I blinked, hoping that the dreadful image in front of me would disappear. As I opened my eyes it seemed as if all the corpses had moved. I never saw them move, but each time I blinked it was like they had gotten one step closer. I felt cold sweat dripping down my neck and my eyes began to itch and water as I tried to keep them open. I couldn’t help myself and I blinked again. This time, as my eyes opened, I was completely surrounded. I simply closed my eyes, hoping this was all just a bad dream. I didn’t hear a single sound and I smiled thinking that I would soon wake up in my own bed. When I opened my eyes I was face to face with it. I could clearly see the dried and rotten face, eyes dim and lifeless. I started to feel dizzy and sick and then it seemed as though I could feel something like boney hands and fingers grabbing my hair and tearing at my clothes. I felt it and then again I didn’t feel it. I was so overcome with terror I could no longer tell what was real and what wasn’t. I tried so hard to stay conscious, to fight, but I couldn’t move a single muscle. Then the lights suddenly went out and it was pitch black all around me.

I opened my eyes, trying to adjust to the lack of light. I was lying on the forest floor, not far from my home. At that moment my body started to function normally and I ran home as fast as I could. I had no idea how I had gotten there and I just wanted to forget about what had happened. I was so happy to be home and safe but my peace didn’t last very long.

The next night I had a dream about the people I had seen in the cave. I woke with a start and saw a face looking at me through the window. In the moonlight the features of the face were much easier to make out than they had been in the darkness of the cave. It was the face of a young girl, she was dead and her empty eyes stared at me with wild anger as she clawed the window trying to get in.

Since then I have had the same nightmare of the girl clawing to get through my window every night. It has been twelve years now and in that time I have gone to many different therapists. They tell me it is just stress from school and work and that I should try to relax. How can I relax when every night I am afraid to open my eyes for fear that she will be there trying to get to me?

It is a known fact that right after World War II the communists took over the government and thousands of people who refused to cooperate with the new system were killed. Men and women were walled up alive in abandoned mines or shot and buried in mass grave sites. Some of them were part of my family. Our government still refuses to talk about this and almost none of the people responsible were ever punished.


James said he found the iPhone in the lawn as he was leaving the party. Afterward, we wondered what had really happened, how he had actually found it. But then, when he told us, we had no reason to not believe his story. He was walking out, he explained, completely hammered, and there it was: a pink 5C covered with dew from being out all night.

“You stole someone’s phone? Not cool, James,” said Hayley. We were standing it in our apartment’s small kitchen, lit quite brightly by the early afternoon sun. James had just come over, but in his defense, it was probably much more like morning for him. I had only been up for a couple of hours, anyway. Spring semester had finished a few days ago and all the dandelions were coming out, yellow headed and alive in the few green spots in the city. Hailey’s internship at the museum wasn’t starting for another two weeks and my work in Professor Isle’s lab was on hold until he came back from vacation, which meant we had nothing to do except talk too much and drink too much and sleep in too much and way, way too late.

James lived in our apartment building, on the bottom floor. I knew him from my fiction workshop. He had gone to boarding schools and wrote a lot of stories about the sadness of being rich. He DJ’d Monday nights at the college station, playing hipper than thou indie rock and dub reggae. I’m making him sound a lot worse than he is. He always had good hair.

In a plot twist that didn’t surprise me at all, Hayley had slept with him (“I don’t regret it Ariel. All great lives feature things some would call failures, but we libertines call them the forge that tempers our personal steel.”) but only a couple of times. He had initiated extremely awkward hugs with me, but that hadn’t evolved into anything more physical. Thankfully.

“I didn’t steal a phone. I’m not, like, a thief.”

“And yet here you are,” Hayley said, “with that phone you didn’t buy.”

“You act like I’m breaking windows and snatching shit.”

“Are you?”

“No, Ariel. I am not breaking windows and snatching shit.”

“Thank god. Don’t think we weren’t worried,” said Hayley.

“Do you guys want to know why this phone is weird?”

“Sure,” I said, “show me.”

He slide the phone on and punched in the security code.

“Hey,” said Hayley, “how do you know the code.”

“I didn’t,” he said, tapping at the screen, “but this morning I just put in some random numbers and it, boom. It worked.”

“What numbers?”

“4444.”

“What a crappy pin,” I breathed. “that person’s email password must be password.”

“Maybe it is, but it’s not on their phone,” said James, “they don’t have an email set up, or any apps, or contacts.”

“What the fuck do they even do with their phone then,” demanded Hayley, “only make phone calls?”

“No. No calls in the history. Received or outgoing.”

“So there’s nothing on it?” asked Hayley, “maybe it’s a new phone or something?”

“It’s not a new phone,” he flipped it over. The back of the phone was covered in scratches, tiny spider web cracks running in and out. “See? Somebody has had this forever.”

“So, there’s nothing on it and it’s got a shitty password. James I hate to complain about your attempts to bring mystery and excitement into our lives and our, you know, our kitchen,” Hayley gestured at the tiny room we were all packed into , “but this isn’t exactly Cicada 3301.”

“There’s not nothing,” he said, indignant, “there’s a video. you want to see?”

“Not nothing is a double negative,” I said, “you would say “there isn’t anything” or, maybe, “there’s something on it” instead. Does that make sense?”

“I hated your pedantic criticisms in workshop, Ariel, and I dislike them in real life too. People sometimes talk because they like how words sound with each other. They aren’t always in blind thrall to the completely imaginary, class-centric, often internally contradictory rules referred to as “grammar.” Now, did you want to watch this? Because, it’s a little, umm, fucked up. To be honest.”

Hayley and I looked at each other. She shrugged.

“Obviously we want to watch,” Hayley said, “right? Why wouldn’t we?”

“Right,” I said. “Let’s do this.”

The video started to play.

Images of the ground appeared: rocks, dirt, leaves. The camera was shaky. Shoes appeared in and out of the frame, just the uppermost tops of shoes. They looked like chucks. You could hear footsteps, breathing. It was obviously someone filming themselves walking.

“Did you already watch this?” Hayley was staring at the screen, her brow furrowed.

“Yeah, I did, be quiet though.”

The walking stopped. The camera panned up and swung left, revealing a heavily forested landscape with the same path the person had previously been walking on running out into the distance, and then the camera swung to the right. There was a hill’s edge there, swelling out over a precipice, overlooking a not insignificant drop off.

“I recognize this,” I said, “where is this? Have you guys see this before?”

“Me too,” said Hayley, “it’s out in Machen park. I’ve gone jogging out there.”

“Watch,” said James, his voice tense.

We did.

The screen shook as whomever was holding it lowered it again. The breathing rasped. Then, there was another noise. Something that sounded like running. The camera swung up, there was a blur, a shadowy motion, some kind of noise, and then the person and the phone were moving. They went over the cliff, together. Then there was an awful noise and something far away, a weird familiar screaming.

The screen went black.

I looked at Hayley, who wasn’t saying a word, biting her chipped florescent green nails instead. James looked up.

“I told you,” he said, “it’s a little fucked up.”

****

Three hours later, we were in the woods.

“Bad idea, Hayley,” I murmured, walking on the path. “You’ve had bad ideas, but this is the worst.”

“Really? The worst?” She frowned. Mosquitos were starting to appear in the near dim. One bite me and I slapped it, leaving a long smear of bright red blood on my left forearm. “Ok. Maybe the worst. But don’t you want to see?”

“For sure. But I wished we had waited. Or asked James if he wanted to go.”

“He had to work,” she shrugged, “so I ain’t trying to hear that. I want to see what’s happening.”

We kept walking down the dirt trail. Most days there were joggers or other hikers, but we hadn’t seen anyone else. Everything felt static, like we were looking at a screenshot instead of real life.

“Do you think we’ll find a body?” I asked.

“I don’t know. Do you want to? It’ll be like “Stand by Me.” I’ll be River Phoenix,” she kicked a stick, “unless you want to be River Phoenix.”

“No, I’m ok. I don’t like people who die pretty and young. It makes me self conscious about aging.”

“I don’t know why people romanticize youth anyway,” she said, “it’s a hella temporary state.”

“People like to think things can last forever,” I said, then, “almost there.”

We walked ahead, toward the twist in the path where the video had been filmed. I don’t know why we were going there. It was dumb and we were young. What did we think we’d find? And why did we want to find anything?

“What did you see, when we stopped the tape for a second, right before the person holding the camera got pushed, or whatever?”

“Nothing, really,” I said, “we are almost there right?”

“I know it was just a shadow,” she said, “but I felt like I saw something.”

“Is it here?”

“Like — you know when an image gets messed up on a website? It’s just a digital scramble? Then it’s normal? It was like that — the glitch before it goes normal. But I know there wasn’t anything there.”

“Here,” I said. We turned the corner. We were at the little break in the park where the video had been shot. To the left, woods. To the right, the precipice. And there, standing in front of the cliff, was James.

He was wearing the same clothes he had been wearing in our kitchen: tight jeans, a black t shirt, black chucks. His back was to us, but I know immediately who it was. You can recognize someone without seeing a face.

In his hand, I saw a phone. He pointed it at his left, then his right.

I should had been screaming. I thought I would. And maybe some part of me believed I was. I looked at Hayley. Her mouth was open: veins popped out on her neck as her lips stretched wide and her eyes grew wider and larger. But no sound.

Something was coming.

I could feel it, in the woods, something was rushing moving towards us. To James. I wanted to scream, I felt like I was but I knew I wasn’t. It was coming.

James lowered the camera. The wind came and went by the two of us and into him. It looked like colors and decaying images, like a pixilated drawing of a tornado. It was a cartoon. It was t real. It ripped into his shoulder. I saw blood fly up and into the dead sky. He stumbled to the edge of the cliff. Then over. Then there was only the nothing of our screaming, suddenly audible and hysterical.

Everything after that turned into the slow, sick time, where events feel delayed, as if it was happening from a great distance. We ran down the path that looped down the hill, loose dirt and rocks slipping under our feet. My chest hurt, I remembered thinking as I ran; it felt tight and full of breaths I couldn’t believe I was still taking.

At the bottom of the path we jumped into the clearing where James had just fallen. But there was no James. There was no blood. Just a space where a body should have been and, in that area, a brilliant blue iphone.

*****

We got back to our apartment after eight, exhausted and suddenly cold in the night air. Cars were backing up at the traffic light, the city starting to sound louder, different, as the streetlights flooded corners. I could hear music blaring from one of the cars as I unlocked the door, Hayley following me.

Once we were inside, Hayley put the phone on the kitchen table and walked out of the room.

“Where are you —”

“I need to take a shower,” she said. “Don’t touch the phone.”

Within moments, I heard the rattle of pipes, the rushing of water. I walked over to the fridge and poured a glass of the cheap American pink wine we drank too much of. It tasted like headaches.

I finished a glass. Then poured another. Then I pulled out my phone and texted James.

“Hey. How are you.”

Then,

“What happened inthe parf”

“*park. stupid phone. what was thet?”

My phone buzzed back. A little green circle.

“who is this”

“this is Ariel is this James?”

“sorry. wrong number”

“Is this a new phone? Did you just get this number”

“No had it forever sorrry. Have a nice nightZ”

Hayley came out of her room, her hair still damp, almost a half hour later. I was finishing my third glass of wine. She said hey and I said hey back and she grabbed the wine from the fridge and walked out into the living room and I followed her. She sat on the muted grey couch her parents had let her take when we moved in and I sat on the floor, leaning against the cold wall. Another kid lived in the apartment next to us, on whose wall I leaned. I had a semi whatever crush on him. He worked nights at a gas station and smoked so much I could taste the cigarettes sometimes through the walls. Was he there, I thought. Would he still be there?

“I looked James up on Facebook,” Hayley said. Her voice sounded numb. “I couldn’t find his profile. His tumblr’s gone too. So his Twitter.”

“I texted him. Somebody sent a text back saying I had a wrong number.”

“He’s gone. He doesn’t exist.”

“We’re going crazy. People don’t just stop existing.”

“He did.”

“You’re right,” I sighed, “he did.”

“So,” she took a swig off the bottle, “now what?”

“I don’t think there’s really a manual for this sort of thing.”

“There should be,” then, hesitatingly, “what is this sort of thing?”

“Whatever it is, it’s not real. Like, this isn’t happening. I don’t think this is real.”

“It is happening, though,” Hayley murmured, holding the wine. “It’s happening.”

“I’ve been sitting here,” I started, “trying to figure out what we know, like for a fact. I thought it might help.”

“Did it?”

“Fuck no,” I laughed and she almost did. “But this is what happened: James found the phone, leaving a party. He never told us what party—”

“We didn’t ask.”

“I know. But on television shows they reconstruct these things. So, he finds the phone, figures out the password —”

“All fours,” said Hayley, “four means death in Japan.”

“— right? Watches the video, doesn’t recognize his feet in the video? Shows it to us instead of investigating, goes to work? That’s crazy: James doesn’t fucking care about his barista gig,” I said.

“But he went.”

“He went.”

It was silent for a minute or two, the sounds of traffic and night slipping the window, as both of us sat, not saying anything. Finally, Hayley took a swig, then:

“I think I know what happened. Maybe. Wait here,” she said and she left the living room and walked off to her living room. She came back, carrying her laptop.

“Did James ever tell you about that time his school bus crashed,” she said, as she sat down and started to typing.

“He did,” I nodded, “he was like ten and it skidded on black ice. He wrote a story about it. He seemed really freaked out by it.”

She opened up the laptop and passed it over.

“Look.”

The screen was opened to an archived article from a Connecticut newspaper. James’ home state. About a bus crash. One fatality. A ten year old boy. James Han.

“What is this? Did you make this up? Hayley if you made this up I swear to god I swear —”

“I didn’t make it up. I searched for him forever and there was nothing. Like he didn’t exist. Then I found that. It just appeared in a search like it had always been there. Read it if you want. Or don’t. It’s the story he told us. But in this one he dies.”

“Just like he did in the park”

“…yeah, like that.”

“What do you think happened?”

“I don’t know,” she said, “but I think he was dead when we met him. And maybe the James we met was a glitch.”

“So if James was a glitch, are we? Because when I was eleven I —”

“No, Ariel,” she said, calmly, “stop. I don’t want to hear about you almost dying when you were a kid, because I almost died when I was a kid. So what does that make us?”

Neither of us said anything for a moment. Finally, I coughed.

“…do we want to look at the phone?”

“No,” she said, “not tonight. Tonight, I’m going to go take an ambien and go to bed. Let’s talk about this tomorrow. Ok?”

“Ok.”

An hour later, when I was sure she was asleep, I walked out into the kitchen. I didn’t turn on the lights. The traffic signal from the visible intersection outside the apartment glowed green through the slats of the blinds. I picked up the phone. I punched in 4444. It opened.

It was the same as the other: no information, no apps, no photos. One video.

I stared at it until I couldn’t anymore. I hit play.

Whoever was filming was running, causing the camera to bounce up and down nauseously. They were on Sigmund Street which, as one of the major streets near me, I recognized almost immediately. I had the volume down but I knew I wouldn’t be able to hear anything. The figure ran, desperate and moving from one side of the street to the other, coming to a sudden stop as they reached Eddelstein Bridge. I saw their shoes, briefly, then there was a long pause. The feet moved from one side to the other, transferring weight, tapping. And then there was something else in the frame. The screen shook, the image growing wildly pixilated, and then the riots colored turned abruptly, mechanical black.

It only took a few minutes to get to the bridge. No one was really out, since the area was mostly retail storefronts which had all been closed for at least a couple of hours at that point. My steps sounded echoey.

I could see her from far away, standing motionless in the blank night. The sky was void of clouds, letting the moonlight translate everything. Especially her.

I didn’t think she was going to move. I thought she’d be like James, but once I was almost twenty feet away, she turned.

“Hey,” she said.

“Hey” I answered, “I’m sorry I watched the tape.”

“Don’t worry,” she waved me off, “I would have if you hadn’t.”

“What do we do now?”

“That’s easy. We tell each other how we died. You go first.”

“Okay,” I said, “I was eleven. It was at school. Sixth grade. I was climbing the rope.”

“I hated the rope.”

“Me too. Before this happened, even. I got to the top and — you know how it was secured to the ceiling? On that latch?”

“Uh huh?”

“It came off the latch.”

“Oh my god.”

“I fell like fifteen feet. Completely fine. No injuries. Everybody told me how lucky I was. But I didn’t feel lucky. I felt like something had fucked up.”

“Like you should have died?”

“Yeah, like there was a mistake.” A car drive by with a missing headlight, an urban cyclops, “what about you?”

“I was sixteen. In my house. I took a bottle of Prozac,” she shrugged, “I liked the irony. Whatever. But, yeah. A week later, I got out of the hospital. The doctor told me it was a miracle I was alive. But I don’t know. Maybe there was just a wrong line of code somewhere. Maybe —”

She didn’t finish her sentence.

Her screams didn’t sound real as the thing broke into her, her eyes flashing sudden vicious strange awareness as her body rose into the air, briefly, her brown and blue new balances twisting inches above the cement, and then she collapsed, twitching on the ground. When she landed I was able to move, but it didn’t matter. She wasn’t there. Just an iPhone in the middle of the street, with a series of spider hairline cracks in the case.

Around noon the next day, I had made it to the living room, staring at the ceiling. My phone buzzed. I had been texting Raj — the guy Hayley had been dating — a few minutes ago.

“yeah for sure come on over. Doing zero rn. what’s the weird thing you wavy to show me?”

“I’ll show you whenI get there,” I typed, “can I bring Hayley?”

“*WANT not wavy :/

But yeah for sure Bring her over. Who is she? I know her”

I looked at the empty spot in the living room where there used to be a grey couch.

“oh wait,” I typed, “she isn’t here rn.”

Note: Crossposted from /r/nosleep with explicit permission from the original author.


“As the Wolf keeps count of the Deer so there is one that keeps count of Man.”

– the Repokan

In the winter of 1683, a frontiersman of Swedish descent sits in the light of a tallow candle, a raven feather dipped in ink quivering in his axe-hand above the open pages of his journal.

His winter home is warm with firelight. The wet hide bootprints on the cabin floor track the broken routine of a lone black-powder huntsman, his flintlock musket at hand leans poised against the sill-timber of a window. His bear skin coat, from a charging adult male, hangs from the eye-teeth of its staring trophy head.

A brooding old man of forty odd, he had ditched the boat of homestead, good woman and heir to travel inland on foot and steed, many years ago, heeding the call of a solitary life.

He reads the last of his entries, reacquainting himself with the life he knew only a season before, but he no longer recognises in it the tone, the God-fearing faith or the hope:

October 21st, 1682.

I have scouted the area for the better part of 2 months now and have settled on building a permanent shelter here in the Blue Ridge Mountains, on a somewhat narrow plateau, roughly 600 metres from the crest line and a 2 day trek east down to the trading post of Foeblood on the Delaware River. I pray this is a wise decision. I share the bounty of these mountains with the Repokan, the native people of these areas. Though we respect each other from a distance I have had opportunities to learn a little of their language and have no reason to think they are not appreciative.

Let me apologise now if I am a little lax with my journaling in the forthcoming days. There is much work to be done and these moments are a guilty pleasure.

December 30th, 1682.

Hallelujah! Exhausted.

January 1st, 1683.

Lord, I pray this year will be a good year and the Winter will pass without incident.

January 6th, 1683.

The storm has been unrelenting for 4 days now. I am thankful I finished the cabin and had 3 days of peace in which to enjoy my labours before it set in. I am still hopeful this year will be good to me and Sleipnir.

January 13th 1683.

Nothing sleeps this Winter, Not even the black bear.

January 16th, 1683.

I now truly understand why the Repokan call the winter winds The Hungry Wolves. Mauling and wiry, they twist and turn their snowy coats over all the fat of this land. I have dug out my traps from 3 feet of snow and reset them. The deadfalls can wait, I will see to them upon my return. Though they are getting bolder,  there will be nothing here for the black bear but my stink. Yes, I have decided to venture down to Foeblood for supplies and a hot soak in the bath house, even a splash in the river if i dare!


The submission is an interactive choose-your-fate adventure built with Twine, with music and illustrations:


Greenhorn: By CreepyQuantum

The hot coffee touched his lips as he made every effort to wake himself up on this abnormally cold Friday morning. “Long day ahead of you, huh?” Tom’s wife, Anna said, walking into the living room wrapped in a blanket.

“Yeah,” Tom responded, “there is a new case that was given to me last night, some freak killed his wife and two kids and then fled into the Malheur National Forest. I’m the leading investigator.” There was evident disgust in his voice. She put her hand on his shoulder.

“I love how you take these cases personally. It shows your caring nature.” A smile emerged on Tom’s face as he placed his hand on hers. After a minute, she turned back to the hallway and slipped into their bedroom. Tom looked at his watch; it read 5:49 A.M with a final gulp of his coffee, he was on his way out the door to the car. Tom had lucked out; getting a house five minutes away from his office, he could stay home later before heading out. The short drive was normal at first. In the morning, the quick drive through Baker City Oregon had few obstacles and nearly no traffic excluding the occasional car that drove by. Suddenly, about two minutes away from his office, Tom noticed an orange flashing light ahead. As he approached, he noticed that there had been a car crash, a car was flipped off the road, and there were two people there directing the few cars that passed by. Thankfully, since there was such little traffic, it caused no delay in his commute, and Tom arrived at work on time.

Sliding his ID card across the scanner, Tom stepped into the large, brick building that he had known for the last eight years. Typically, Tom was the first one to the building, so it was a surprise when he saw his boss and co-worker standing in the office room. “Tom! It’s about time!” His boss, James exclaimed. Tom took a double take on his watch and reassured himself that he wasn’t late. “I called you three times and left a message each time!” Checking his pockets, Tom realized that he didn’t have his phone with him. “Dave is gone…” James said with tears in his eyes.  A feeling of shock went over Tom’s body as he heard those words. The second in command and the head investigator had always been a kind man; he was very loving to his family, friends, and anyone he met, it didn’t seem right that someone like him could be taken from life so early.

“Wow, I-” Tom tried to utter up words, but he was left speechless.

“I need you to go to Malheur,” James spoke abruptly. Tom froze. He had never left the office for any case or investigation. He was always leading the team in information, but he never had any field work. “Dale here will take your spot in this case.” Tom was speechless. “We need you to do this.” there was a sense of weakness in James’s voice that Tom had never heard before, leading him to accept the request. “You will still get Jeanne and Cory to accompany you as well as the BCPD. I wouldn’t send you out there alone against a possibly armed suspect.”

“How did he-”

“Car accident” James cut Tom off. Now get ready, you are heading out once Jeanne and Cory get here. In a trance, Tom walked to his office and slowly opened the door and immediately sat in his seat. Nearly asleep, he was startled by a knock on his office door.

“Come in,” he announced to the unknown guest. Jeanne and Cory stepped into the door

“Are you ready for your first action case?” Jeanne said with a bright, white smile. Tom forced a smile on his face.

“Yeah!” He replied, sitting up. The three left the building and entered the large, black SUV and drove off.

The two-hour drive was quickly over, with a shake of his shoulders, Tom was awoken by Cory, who quickly spoke. “We’re here! Make sure you’re wide awake!” with that, the three exited the car and met up with Baker City Police Department.

“There is one main trail that goes right through the forest, but the suspect could be hiding anywhere,” Tom spoke for the first time in a while. “He is about 5’7” with short blonde hair.” He continued. Everyone looked at him and took note of the information and continued with their conversation. The group of seven made their way to the entrance of the thick forest.

Upon entering the forest, the group was instantly hit with a strange feeling. They all knew everyone felt it, but they all also decided to ignore it. They were on a hunt for a dangerous man, of course, they’re going to feel uneasy. Peering into the sunrise-lit forest, the group assured they had everything they needed and entered, guns ready. “Let’s split up here.” a cop said once they were a good ten minutes into the forest. “If you see or hear anything, announce it on the radio, and we’ll all get to you as fast as we can.” everyone nodded in agreement and took different angles into the dense, twisted forest. Though the sun was rising higher overhead, it appeared to be getting darker, Tom looked up to see if he was under thick tree branches, but he could visibly see the blue sky, rubbing his eyes, he continued. Walking for what seemed like an hour, Tom noticed something. It looked like an old building!

“Hey guys, I see what appears to be an old building!” No response. “Guys? -” Quickly there was a voice on the other side.

“Don’t go near it, turn away now.” Tom was astounded at the deep, mysterious voice that answered him.

“Are you sure? He could be hidi-”

“Yes, I’m sure. Leave now!” With that, Tom lowered the radio, he was about to turn away when he noticed a man stumble out of the building. The man looked up at Tom and stopped all movement. In an instant, the man rushed Tom, who instantly drew his gun.

“Stop right there!” Tom announced. This was clearly not the wanted man, but this man was very rugged looking. He wore tattered clothing; his face dirt masked his rough face and his long, greasy hair swung in the wind. “Stop!” Tom announced one more time before the man noticed the gun and froze.

“You’ve got to help me.” The old man spoke, tears in his eyes. “They won’t let me leave, I have tried so many times, and they always find out.” the man dropped to his knees. “They probably know we are talking right now.”

“Who is this they you’re talking about?” Tom asked skeptically. Before the man could answer, there was a loud yell, thundering from the direction of the building.

“No. No-no.” The old man yelled. “I’ve got to go. Take this, read it, get more people, save me, you can’t do it alone. Come back, I’ll try to survive for a little longer.” The man tossed Tom an extremely old folder. Tom was very confused but said nothing as the man ran back to the building. He quickly decided to turn away and head another direction.

After walking a good distance, he met up with Cory and another officer. “Any luck Tom?” Cory said, tossing him an energy bar. Tom didn’t reply. “Dude- what’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

“N-Nothing. Just tired.” He said, unwrapping the energy bar. The two looked at Tom suspiciously, then went back to their conversation. Tom’s mind was wandering while he adjusted the folder under his jacket. Should he tell the others what he had just seen? He decided he would examine it at home first. “So, why was it so important to avoid that building?” Tom muttered.

“What building?” Cory asked.

“Didn’t you hear me on the radio? I came across a building, but someone told me not to go near it.” Tom replied intently.

“Uh, I didn’t hear you,” Cory replied, looking at the police officer who shook his head. “Neither of us did.” Are you sure you’re okay?”

Tom knew the voice didn’t sound familiar; it must have been one of the other police officers whom he didn’t know. “I just feel a little sick.”

“Well, we were just about to call it quits for today anyways,” Cory replied.

The three signaled by radio to meet back up at the vehicles and one by one over the radio replied: “copy.” None of which sounded like the voice over the radio. Everyone was at the vehicles, they all had an upset look on their face. “Well,” started Jeanne, “Same time next Monday.”  We will meet up on the other side of the forest, hopefully, cut him off.” Everyone agreed and got into their vehicles and drove off.

When Tom finally arrived home, he went straight to his office room, laid out the folder and got a cup of coffee. His wife worked later and usually got home at around midnight, so he used this alone time for whatever he wanted. The folder contained many loose, tattered paper that was worn but clearly legible. The paper wasn’t lined, but rather rough as out of its time. He grabbed the one on top and began.

I don’t remember what happened, all I know is I woke up here. I sat up and was extremely dizzy. I started writing this a couple hours after I woke up because whatever is going on should be documented. I’ll update on anything I find out.

Crawling around the dark room, I found a bowl of food. It tastes awful, but it’s nice to have something in my stomach. Also, there is a sink with water that I can drink out of! At least, whatever this is, I have necessities. I also noticed there is a door; I’m unsure if I am supposed to open it or not, but the confusion is killing me. Tomorrow I will open the door, I am getting rest right now.

There was a small gap between paragraphs.

I opened the door! Peering outside, I saw trees I also observed that I am currently in a nice, wooden house.

Tom paused to think, that house was extremely old and worn down, how could it have been considered ‘nice’? Tom continued reading.

I stepped outside and breathed the nice fresh air. I didn’t see anybody around still, so I decided to walk around and see if I am the only one. I noticed a couple other houses and what looked like an abandoned mine shaft. I decided to check out one of the other houses and upon arriving I had an unnerving feeling that I was being watched. Chills were sent down my spine, and my skin became as coarse as sandpaper. I peered over my shoulder and saw nothing. I turned the other way and… I swear I heard a crash come from the mineshaft, but I was too frightened at the time to check it out, so I decided to run back to the house I awoke at, and here I am. If anything happens tomorrow, I will keep you updated.

I swear I am not losing it… I know I hear noises. Distant clashing sounds, murmured chanting noises, even quiet breathing. There was more food in my bowl this morning. I haven’t left my house today. I’m not sure what anyone wants with me; I am just getting into my adulthood. I never did harm to anyone.

That line baffled Tom: “I’m just getting into my adulthood…” this time frame didn’t seem to make sense. He decided to call that a night. Hiding the folder in a secret compartment under his desk, that not even Anna knew about, he crawled in bed and awaited his wife’s return. When she finally arrived, he greeted her by taking her bags and jacket and leading her to the bedroom. She was always exhausted after work, so he tried to make it as easy on her as possible. “How was work?” She asked.

“It was different,” he said, recalling the strange man.

“What was so different?” She replied.

“Uh- I’m not used to field work.” He chuckled.

“Oh? You had to go out today?” She asked. He sat down and told her all about the accident and the resulting incidents, leaving out the strange man. After that, the two went to sleep. When Tom woke up, Anna was gone, there was a note on the table. “Hey, I will be home late today, Susan just invited me to her baby shower so I will be gone all day. Love you.” He sighed, but quickly remembered about the papers and made his way to his desk. He found where he last left off and continued.

Oh my gosh… I saw the source of the noise; I knew I wasn’t going crazy! It was terrifying. I thought it was going to kill me! I have never believed in the superstitious or anything, but this has absolutely baffled me. It looked humanoid, but there is no way anyone would call that thing a human. I saw it as I was walking back to the other house, determined to enter the other house to see if there were more like me. But on my way there, I saw it. It stood at the opening of the mine shaft staring at me; it looked at me so menacingly that I thought it would kill me. My feeling was strengthened as it approached me. I tried to run, but I couldn’t! I am too weak with one meal a day, and the thing must be so fast! It grabbed me by the back of my shirt and threw me down I started backing away on my back as it cocked its neck, examining me. Its eyes were pure white, appeared to be free of pupils or anything but it appeared to be staring me down. Next thing I knew I was waking up in what I now call, my house. I am too scared to leave, I am not sure what they did to me, but there is a small pinhole in my arm like a thick needle was inserted into me. This can’t be real. I will update tomorrow.

Tom sat back in disbelief. This couldn’t be real! There was no way. The old man played a trick on him. However, he was still interested, so he grabbed the next sheet of paper.

Today one of the things came into my house and, again, I blacked out. This time, however, I woke up in a very dark, damp area. Stone surrounds me, so I am assuming I am in the mine. But why? Thankfully there is a torch next to me, honestly writing these events is the only thing I can do to keep myself sane. I need to look for a way out, though.

Tom stood up with the paper to walk into the other room and continued reading.

I looked and looked and couldn’t find anything! I am beginning to feel claustrophobic an-

Sorry, I never finished that last sentence, as I was writing, I saw white orbs approaching from the distance. That’s all you can see from them in this absolute darkness; their skin is just as black as this cave. However, it grabbed my arm, and I expected to black out, but I didn’t! It pulled me up and led me to an incline, and we proceeded. I’m not necessarily smart, but this place seems much deeper than any other mine. Maybe I am wrong, and they are very deep, but we walked for what seemed like half a day before arriving at sunlight. Once we were there, the thing pushed me out and stood in the darkness of the opening of the mine. I wasn’t sure what it wanted me to do, so I headed back to the house. You know what? I am tired of this, why don’t I just run away? I’m bound to find some civilization. Tomorrow I am going to leave.

Tom flipped to the next page.

No, no no! Upon trying to flee, I heard a god-awful screech emanating from what I am assuming to be the mine shaft. I had a feeling they knew I was frightened. So I turned back and ran. Upon entering the small community, I noticed a small sign near the entrance that read: Greenhorn Oregon. I had often heard of Green Horn! That would explain the mine because, in the mid-1800s, it was a very active gold mine town. However, federal government foreclosed it in 1901 because of “land issues.”  just five years ago.

Tom froze. Those three words danced on his tongue. “Five years ago.” For the second time, the time frame didn’t add up. This man was in his forties or fifties in 1906, and then 96 years later, still looked the same? This was obviously a hoax. But something deep down told Tom otherwise. He thought back to the encounter with the man; he looked absolutely frightened, and the screech he heard! It was definitely not human! Tom was a very logical thinker; he couldn’t stand not understanding just what was going on, so he continued.

It feels like it’s been fifty years since I have written in this paper. I was taken down in the mineshaft but never returned. Only saw the creatures when they brought me food or water, for a while I decided to try to end it all and not accept the offerings but I quickly found out that wasn’t an option. I would black out and wake up feeling full and no longer thirsty. These things want me alive… Why? I have navigated around this large, open cave system. I have found multiple human skeletons wrapped in mining uniform. Were these miners killed down here? They all appeared to be in a pile, though; it appeared as though they were brought down here and tossed after death.  Being in total darkness with only a dim lamp is one of the worst experiences ever.  I am not sure how I am not frail like an old man, I have got to be well over 100 years old, and I feel the same as I did when I got here. I know I don’t seem surprised at this but, after all, this, nothing surprises me anymore.

Intrigued, Tom wasted no time reading on to the next entry.

I finally found the incline the beast led me up before! I am free! I wandered slowly up the slope for what felt like days, but I made it. Finally! The sun burnt my eyes and skin at first, but I got used to it, as I walked by a building I saw my reflection in the window, I hadn’t changed in all that time! I have gotten used to the strange, unreal occurrences lately but how have I not aged in the slightest? Pondering that among many other questions, I entered my house again; it’s nice to lay on my bed. I hear something… I think one is coming for me. I’ll write as soon as I can.

I’m not sure how much time has passed, but I know I have been out for a very long time. Upon awakening I looked outside my door and noticed movement out in the forest, it was a man! The first human I have seen in decades! I almost wanted to yell for him, but I didn’t want to get the thing’s attention, let me now note that there are at least three of the creatures, I have seen three at one time. But back to the man, he was an average height man, with blonde hair, looking as if fleeing from something. Though he was coming towards my house, he should have been fleeing away, he pulled a knife out from his pocket and rushed me, I didn’t know what to do, so I yelled at him. He got to my door, and I slammed it on him. There were thuds on the door before it finally burst open. I was on the ground, I had no way of protecting myself, I backed into the corner but before the man could kill me, he froze as a pitch black hand coiled itself around his neck. He gasped for air but the thing quickly crushed his throat. I was amazed. Why did it save me? Why am I so important to them? The creature stared at me with those spiteful eyes as if to say “I want to kill you, but I can’t” then walked off. I am done writing for today.

Tom looked at the next journal entry.

This morning I found a small article that gave me many answers, it claimed that the mine was shut down not because of “land issues” but because the miners stumbled across something amazing. An entire underground civilization! Lost through time and government secrecy. They quickly told the government which occupied it with an army. This Army apparently cleared the place of the creatures and burned all the bodies. They wrote that the creatures were “savages, eyes adapted to pitch black and skin darker than sin itself.” That mine was so deep not because miners dug all that way, but because these creatures have lived here for ages! This answers so many questions! But I am still wondering, why do they want me alive? I am not sure. But tomorrow I am going to make another break for it, what are they going to do, kill me?

Dropping the papers in shock, Tom was unable to believe what he had just read, he quickly called up the other six people and told them to meet up at the place they had the day before because of an emergency. They all did without hesitation. “What is it?” Jeanne asked frantically. Everyone looked at Tom because that was the question on all of their minds.

Tom simply replied with “Follow me, and make sure you’re armed.” The group complied yet looked at each other, exchanging worried glances. Walking through the thick forest, Tom found himself lost. He took a break and looked around. At first, he didn’t notice it, but at a second glance, he saw what looked like a body in the distance. Running over there immediately, he found a body of a rugged old man, throat crushed still with fresh blood. “No no no no,” Tom repeated. The group quickly put the body In a body bag and looked at Tom.

“How did you know there would be a body?” They asked.

“I didn’t..” he replied. He looked up and saw a large fence around what appeared to be a small civilization. Tom slowly walked up to it. “This wasn’t here before” he muttered to himself. Looking along the fence, he saw there was a large yellow sign further down so he quickly went over to it. Before he arrived at the sign, he noticed a hole in the fence. It looked as if the fence was physically torn; like something with immense strength tore a hole in the metallic framework. He backed up. The sharp, broken edges of the torn fence appeared to have a black flesh-like substance on it. “Oh god no,” Tom said, “Let’s get out of here!”

As he was running, he heard a police officer say behind him, “Private government property due to land issues.” Tom froze. Slowly turning around, he saw the man reading the large yellow sign that the man had indeed read correctly.

“Let’s go!” Tom said. “Now!” everyone looked at Tom in confusion.

“Why do you drag us out here and immediately want to go?” Cory said.

“Just listen to me!” Tom replied still backing up.

“Let’s check this place out!” a voice came up from the crowd.

“It says not to! You’re a cop! You should abide by the rules!” Tom replied.

“Listen, son, I’ll tell you a little secret. This is Greenhorn! An abandoned town that was a big gold mine! There could be bounties of gold in here! I’m not leaving!”

“You are going to die…” Tom said. He knew if he said why they wouldn’t believe him. The officer looked at Tom in disgust.

“I always knew you were crazy.” Frustrated, Tom turned and left to go to the cars and wait. He sat in his car for about three hours. Tears built up in his eyes, he wanted to believe they were just occupied with searching the place but he knew the truth– they were dead.

A week later word in the newspaper was that six of a seven-person group were missing on a manhunt. A second group of investigators found a body in a body bag that forensic scientists were shocked to say had no DNA records on file. They also found a fenced in, a government-owned ghost town. They didn’t want to get mixed up with the feds so they ignored that area completely. Tom decided to tell his wife about everything. She was absolutely shocked. He told her he wants to go look one more time to see if the government was there or not. Against her will, he went there. He lied behind a stump and watched, nothing seemed to happen. Though every time he looked at the mine he was struck with fear. Just before he was about to call it quits, he noticed something that made his heart sink. Something was moving in the mine. He didn’t move. Not out of interest or curiosity, but he was physically paralyzed with fear. The figure emerged out of the mine, holding a stack of something. Managing the courage and motor skills, he pulled up his binoculars to see what it was. His jaw dropped and he vomited instantly. There were six bowls with what appeared to be human flesh in each of them. The creature carried it to the house that the old man had existed before, went in, and returned without the bowls. The creature walked back to the mine and disappeared. Tom fled as fast as he could and returned home, he told his wife the truth that there were no government officials there though he left out any details. He knew deep down that the rest of his group were living there, and probably will be for the next couple centuries.
Chapter 2

Two years after the Green Horn case, Tom found himself promoted in the workforce to the highest ranking official in his office. He was very glad that this assured he would never have to go out in the field again; going to Green Horn scarred him for life but he was coping with it. He reluctantly didn’t tell anyone of the possibility of the group remaining alive in fear that it would ultimately lead to even more unnecessary deaths. So he set to move on and try to forget; he successfully accomplished both goals.

Tom’s life was great, he was now making a good salary, he and his wife Anna had just had a child, and they had recently bought a brand-new truck. Tom loved his new job, being as organized as he was, he could find any folder anyone needed and get information to whoever needed it, he was the perfect man for the job. But it was his promotion, ultimately, that led to his ultimate fate.

Tom worked at his new job for three years, being very successful and far more efficient than his prior. He had access to every case current or in the past. One day, he was searching through old folders and he found one labeled “Greenhorn” Tom froze. The case that he had worked in was labeled “Malheur forest killer.” He remembered because it was he who named it! Tom’s heart began to pound when he realized he wasn’t looking in a case file drawer, but an evidence and articles drawer. He slid his hand on the old, course folder, debating on whether or not to unlock its secrets for the first time in a very long period of time. Taking deep breaths, he grabbed the folder, memories flooding his brain as he began to feel great sorrow that his colleagues could possibly be alive, being tortured as he sat there. He dropped the folder and began to weep.

After taking a moment to collect himself, he opened the folder and saw a photograph. It showed five men surrounding the body of what must have been one of the creatures of the mine. The thing was awful, all five men had saddened looks on their faces and he couldn’t help but to feel bad for them. He noticed in the pictures the bulbous, white eyes looking towards the camera on the dead creature. The next piece of evidence he found was a small letter that reads:

After examining the body completely, we have come to a conclusion that these creatures have independently evolved with humans, they haven’t had the same environment as us and, therefore, have evolved far different traits. As for DNA, they are astoundingly close to ours, far closer than even the most similar of apes, but their small differences aren’t so small. They have some chains of DNA that aren’t even carbon-based, they’re silicon-based! I mean, this accounts for about .0001% of their DNA but it is absolutely baffling! Their Bone structures are similar to ours but they have longer arms and legs. Their brains seem to be high functioning like a human’s which is very frightening. I would ask that you bring one to me alive so I can run tests on it. Thank you,
Sincerely,
Dr. Jefferey M. Hawthorne

Tom found himself recalling the man whose story he had read three years ago. This evidence was helpful in filling in the blanks. He searched through the papers again, finding more photos of the creatures until he came across a photograph of a dead man that looked to be a miner, his neck was visibly crushed. The caption of the photo read: Jeff A. Dalmer, a twelve-year miner was killed by one of the creatures down in “Hell Hole.” Tom thought to himself, “That name seems fitting.”

Placing the photo into the pile of papers he has already examined, something caught his eye, it was named “Short story of a Hell Hole survivor” he grabbed the small booklet and opened it, and started to read.

I don’t know where to start, so I’ll dive right in. I have been a miner in greenhorn for about seven years now, we moved here due to high chances of finding gold. This was the biggest mistake of my life. We discovered it in 1871 when we miners were working on deepening the mine shaft, we hit a hollow portion of the wall. We called all of the miners over and began to pick at the hollow wall and believe it or not, it led to a chamber of some kind! Amazed, we made a stable doorway and stepped into the chamber which smelled of sulfur and damp air.

It was almost immediately that one of the guys yelled “Gold!” We all rushed over to see if he was bluffing but he wasn’t! There was the largest gold ore vein that I’ve ever seen right there in front of our faces!  Not only that, but he found the opening to an extremely long cave-like hallway that seemed to go down for miles. We all decided to go to the surface to alert our managers of the finding but Adam, the man who found the gold, insisted on staying, so we let him. As soon as we reached sunlight we heard what sounded like a guttural moan followed by a scream of terror! Grabbing their pickaxes, a group of people ran back down to see what the commotion was while I and two others continued on our original mission. When we told him what we had found, his face went pale. At first, he was reluctant to tell us why he reacted so poorly to it but he finally caved and pulled out a folder. He told us how the natives warned the settlers about an underground people that are to not be disturbed. There are often paintings depicting tall, black creatures with white eyes standing over bodies of the natives. This was enough for me, I decided to get my family and move out of here, so I will store this in the library and hope someone finds it and I hope this can help in any way.

Tom was amazed at what he had just read. It was insane that this was even possible because before he had never heard of Green Horn and he definitely wouldn’t have guessed about the cave creatures. He gazed over to see another photograph, but this one was different. It showed a pile of miners, they all appeared to be dead and tossed into one heap of death. That is when he recognized the section of the chamber that they were located in; that had been where the skeletons were! The bodies, however, were not the most frightening aspect of this photograph, standing on either side of the pile were the creatures, looking into the camera as if they were proud. “Who had taken the picture?” Tom asked himself in his head. That’s when he found the Article about Adam. It was said that Adam, the man who had initially found the gold, wasn’t actually killed but protected! He was set to retire very soon, he was at the age of forty. Green Horn civilians reported seeing Adam trudge out of the mine in the middle of the night only to bring boxes of stuff down into the mine.

Adam’s family were mourning the death of their beloved when he seemingly walked past his own funeral. When people tried to stop him, he looked at them with such malice that it would make a grown man shudder. He apparently had pitch black eyes, opposite of the creatures, and surrounding them the skin was a rosy shade of pink. One man tried to grab him but Adam shoved the man off with enormous strength and went home, came out with a box, and returned to the cave. Tom froze when he read the last line of the article, “Adam was said to have a very deep voice that sounded inhuman, and when anyone wanted to enter the mine, he would yell from the bottom of the mine in his fiendish voice to not enter.

Tom sat back in disbelief, had it been Adam that told him not to enter? And how did he know the people were approaching? Things made less sense now than ever. Tom looked over to the folder and saw something that shocked him. “An estimated 8 miles deep into the earth’s crust.” Tom thought to himself that should be extremely hot! But he quickly shrugged it off as another of the creatures’ adaptation to their own environment. That was the final piece in the folder, satisfied, tom replaced them all and placed the folder on the desk.

On the ride home, Tom’s mind was racing, thinking about the creatures and everything that he had gone through. He claimed multiple times to Anna that he was having terrible dreams of the creatures and that they keep looking at him as if they were looking into his soul with those pale eyes. This is where the story comes to an abrupt end, however, I wish there was more to say! However, the story from Tom’s point of view came to an abrupt end once he grew tired of the horrible nightmares. Tom’s lifeless body was found hanging in his bedroom by his wife that night. Greenhorn is completely forgotten now, it’s not necessarily off limits but it is warned to never go near it. That’s the story of Greenhorn, take from it what you will. There isn’t anything more to say except the elephant in the room; don’t ever go near Greenhorn Oregon.


I was seven when I moved into that house at Ashbrooke Lane. At least that’s what my parents tell me. My recollection of that time is vague. I have memories of the big tree on our lawn, running round the garden with the boy next door, and I remember sitting on the living room floor playing with my He-Man figures. But my most vivid memories are of the recurring nightmares.

To the best of my knowledge, they happened every night I stayed in that house. The first time, I woke during in the early hours with a feeling that I was being watched. I lay there in the dark, listening intently, scared to move in case it drew the prowler’s attention. I could hear or see nothing, but that feeling wouldn’t go away. There was somebody or something in the room with me. I screwed up my eyes tightly, hoping it would just pass me by. I felt the bed shake and I stiffened up like a statue, afraid to make even the slightest movement. And then I heard the sound of raspy breathing from the foot of the bed. It moved round the side of me then stopped. Moments passed silently. Then I felt the breath on my face.

Instinctively, I opened my eyes. I saw an emaciated man in a lab coat looming over me, an expression of horror etched into his pale gaunt face, veins bulging from his forehead. I tried to scream, but he grasped me around the throat with his skeleton-like fingers and dragged me out of bed. Jerking and contorting, I tried to grab onto something to stop him from taking me. He pulled me out of my room onto the landing where I gripped the stair rail. He pulled at my arms and then at my feet and I kicked and screamed in a furious fight for my freedom.

The next thing I knew, it was morning and I was waking up in my parents’ bed. They had found me sleepwalking across the landing in the middle of the night. I had a lot of nightmares as a kid, which was put down to my active imagination, but sleepwalking…that was a first.

I saw him again the following night. He yanked me from my bed with no warning  and this time he managed to pull me down the stairs. Once again I woke in my parents’ bed. My dad had woken in the night and found me lying at the foot of the stairs.

I worked myself into such a panic over these dreams that my parents allowed me to stay up late with them one night. We watched TV and I strained to stay awake. I don’t remember going to bed that night; I just found myself sitting on the stairs observing the hallway, waiting for him to arrive. A grandfather clock stood in the hallway, ticking away the minutes until part of the wall opened up to reveal a concealed doorway from which he emerged. He was wearing the same lab coat I’d seen him wear before, only this time it was smeared with blood. Whatever he’d been doing inside that room I didn’t want to find out.

I watched with dread as he slowly and methodically slipped a pair of rubber surgical gloves into his hands. He tented his fingers together then turned and looked directly at me with his intense, deep set eyes. A pained grimace stretched across his chalky face. I rushed upstairs calling out for help as he crawled behind me, swiping at my heels. I ran into my parents’ bedroom. They were asleep and unaware of the commotion. Before I could reach their bed and shake them awake my pursuer snatched me up in his bony arms and started pulling me away. I managed to grab onto the door frame and despite his efforts, he could not prise me from it. He relented for a moment, his breath heavy and laboured against my neck. Slowly, he reached into his coat pocket and withdrew a scalpel, before slicing deep into my hands. I released my grip on the doorframe as blood dripped between my fingers. I shrieked out, but there was no sound. I could see mom and dad lying there fast asleep, oblivious, as this withered spectre hauled me out of their room and all the way down to the bottom of the stairs.

I tried to claw my way back, leaving streaks of blood on the carpets and walls in my wake. He pressed his fingers against my throat. I whimpered and choked, and my limbs thrashed around in frenzy. At that moment the grandfather clock in the hallway let out a single chime and he suddenly abandoned his fight. I looked up to see the emaciated figure creeping back through the door from where it came. The door sealed shut, disappearing into the wall as though it never existed.

A point came where I starting to confuse my dreams with reality. I couldn’t tell if this was all in my mind or actually happening to me in the middle of the night. During the daylight hours, I examined the wall in the hallway, looking to see if there was some indication of a secret door. I told my parents and my Nan about the dreams and though I never doubted their concern, there was not a lot they could do except reassure me. I stayed with my parents when I got particularly distressed, either in their bed or we’d bring the blankets and pillows downstairs and have a sleep over in the living room.

Nothing helped. My tormentor found me night after night, waiting until mom and dad were asleep before hauling me away. I tried to call out, but my screams were always silent as he gripped his hand round my throat. He grew increasingly violent as he tried in vain to drag me into his secret room. Sometimes he would use his scalpel across my hands or under my fingernails, other times he would inject me with a syringe, and it wasn’t unusual for him to bite my fingers. As I prepared for the dreams, I rehearsed how I would try to fight him off, what I could grab onto as he dragged me downstairs. I knew if I could just hold out until the clock chimed, then I would survive another night because that’s when his door sealed shut.

What terrified me most was the realisation that if he got me into his secret room before the chime of the clock, the door would seal behind us and nobody would ever see or hear from me again.

I don’t remember much else about that house, but we didn’t stay long. We moved in with my Nan for a while and even though there wasn’t much room for all of us, at least those nightmares stopped. And so did the sleepwalking.

Of course, I never forgot about those dreams. How could I? But I figured I was just a kid with an overactive imagination and I never considered them particularly abnormal. That is until my teens when I started to suspect something more sinister was at play. I was looking through old photo albums with my parents when we came across some from our old house at Ashbrooke Lane.

“Something wasn’t right about that house,” I heard my mom say to my dad.

This roused my curiosity. “What do you mean, mom?”

“Well, I used to have bad feelings and nightmares when we were living there,” she added.

My dad tried to change the subject, but I persisted. “What sort of nightmares?” I enquired.

“I don’t want to go into it. Just violent and disturbing dreams.”

“I had recurring nightmares in that house too,” I said.

“You were too young to remember your dreams,” my dad interrupted. “You probably just picked up on something you heard us talking about.”

I felt insulted, like they were dismissing me, but you don’t forget dreams like those. I tried pushing for more information. They weren’t forthcoming.

It wasn’t until I was in my mid-twenties that we were able to talk about it again. I was in the living room with my parents and my dad was reading the paper. He casually told my mom, “Our old house in Ashbrooke Lane is up for sale again.”

“Nobody stays there long,” she replied. “It makes you wonder.”

My dad nodded in agreement.

“So what exactly happened at that house?” I interjected.

Maybe it was because so much time had passed or perhaps it’s because I was older, but they were more open with me this time. My mom explained how she’d had visions of a violent murder – dead bodies lying on the floor, blood all over the walls, and she claimed she had felt a “presence”. When she was alone, she would often hear crying and it sounded like it was coming from inside the house. She also revealed that my aunt and uncle had come down from Manchester to stay one weekend and woke in the middle of the night to see a figure of a tall man at the bottom of the bed.

My aunt and uncle had passed away by this point, so I was unable to ask them about their experiences, but mom explained that they were so distressed by the incident they returned home the next day.

I asked my dad, “Did you have anything weird happen?”

My dad has always been a very grounded sceptic, but I knew something had affected him too, though he wouldn’t admit it. “There was just an uncomfortable feeling,” he said, and volunteered nothing more.

Ever since learning of my mom, aunt and uncle’s experiences in that house, I’ve been overwhelmed with curiosity. Like my dad, I’m quite the sceptic and I was convinced there’s a rational explanation for all this. Even so, I wanted to know more about that house.

From time to time I would check the newspaper, and just as my parents had said, the house was rarely occupied for more than six months before going up for sale. There wasn’t much more I could find out at this time. I’m sure the information and history is available in some archives somewhere, but I wouldn’t know where to start. However, I was passing by that area one day and got the idea to drive by the house. It was unoccupied, but I saw nothing out of the ordinary, and felt no chills or foreboding. It was just an old house. But still, I wanted to know more. I noted down the phone number on the “For Sale” sign and later that day I called the estate agents and requested a viewing.

The lady who met me for the viewing introduced herself as Andrea. We went inside and immediately I felt a shiver run over my body. It was probably my mind running away with me, but I got this eerie feeling. I can only describe it as being like the tension that lingers in the air after a big argument.

If I’m honest, I barely recognised the interior of the house. My memory was vague, but there was one area that brought to mind those recurring nightmares I had as a child, and that was the hallway.

I tried not to draw attention to myself and continued the tour as Andrea gave me her sales pitch. As we walked round, I was convinced that the wall in the hallway was hiding something.

“What’s behind this wall?” I asked.

The look on her face at that moment could disguise none of the lies she proceeded to tell me. First she told me there was “nothing there”.

It wasn’t my intention to make her uncomfortable, but I’d come this far and I wanted some answers. “There’s at least fifteen foot between here and the external wall,” I pointed out.

I heard her mumbling on about an old boiler room that had been bricked over, but she stopped mid-sentence when I started knocking against the wall. This was not my usual kind of behaviour. It was as though I’d been consumed by an obsession.

“You know something, don’t you?” Andrea asked me, a tone of surrender in her voice.

“I used to live here as a kid. Something isn’t right about this house, is it?”

Although still apprehensive, it was as if I’d freed her from an eternal silence. “It could cost me my job if I told you.”

“It can’t be much worse than I already suspect,” I said. “Was somebody murdered here?”

She hesitated and took a cautious glance over her shoulder, “Do you mind if we talk about this somewhere else? I’m really not comfortable talking about it here.”

We decided to go for a coffee and this is what I learned…

[…]

In 1953, Doctor Henry Fenton moved into Ashbrooke Lane with his wife, Mary and their teenage son, Raymond. The upper floor would serve as their living quarters and he had the lower part of the house converted into a Doctor’s practice. His office was set just off the hallway opposite his prized grandfather clock.

Things were going well for the Fentons and business was thriving. And then, one day Mary fell down the stairs in their home and broke her neck. She died instantly.

Henry reacted to the tragedy by immersing himself in his work, using the practice as a distraction from the heartache. Raymond, on the other hand, was struggling to come to terms with his mother’s death. With his father too busy to offer the emotional support he needed, he started to drift. He fell in with a bad crowd, started skipping school and there were a couple of times he’d been caught drinking or brawling and was escorted home by police.

Henry barely noticed nor cared during this time. Once he closed his practice for the day he would collapse into his armchair and attempt to repress his grief with liquor. Some nights he’d drink himself into a coma, other nights he would fly into a rage, smashing furniture and throwing things around the room, and sometimes it was his son who bore the brunt of his temper. Raymond was taken in by his grandparents soon after, leaving Henry Fenton all alone in that house on Ashbrooke Lane.

Later that year, on a cold autumn night, Henry was woken by a disturbance from downstairs. Emboldened by the liquor, he decided to go and confront the intruder. His practice was the only thing he had going for him and he refused to let some thug take that away.

Henry tiptoed downstairs in the darkness. He saw the light of a torch in the far room and heard the intruder rummaging through cupboards and shelves. Probably some junkie after the drugs and syringes he kept on the premises. Henry snuck into his office, withdrew a scalpel from a drawer and tucked into a corner and waited.

The intruder entered the room, a rucksack over his shoulder and his face covered by a black mask. Henry sprung out of the darkness brandishing the scalpel and ordered him to drop his bag.

The masked man panicked and lunged towards him, attempting to push past and make his escape. Henry swiped out blindly as he fell backwards against the wall. The intruder staggered along the hallway and opened the front door before collapsing on the doorstep.

Henry got to his feet and approached the fallen man. Blood gushed from a deep incision across his throat from where the scalpel had made contact. Henry pulled the mask from the man’s head to clear his airways.

Staring back at him in the moonlight, eyes wide with terror, Henry saw the face of his son, Raymond. His heart wrenched at the sight before him. What had he done? How could he have known?

His professional instincts kicked in and he sprung to action. Raymond thrashed about, choking and gurgling on his own blood as his father gripped his throat, pressing his bony fingers firmly against the wound in an attempt to contain the bleeding. He proceeded to drag him towards his office where he could clamp and stitch the laceration. By the time he got him there, however, it was too late.

At that moment, the grandfather clock in the hallway let out a single chime.

Patients turned up to the practice the following day to find Raymond cradled in Dr Fenton’s arms. Unable to come to terms with killing his own son, Henry had turned the scalpel upon himself, slashing his own wrists before bleeding to death on the floor of his office.


He awoke to the silence of the earth. Wisps of broken grass touched his cheek as the wind carried them away to an unknown destination. The sky was black, while no truly living thing stirred. John did not know how long he had been unconscious, but the blanket of stars above left him in no doubt that it had been for at least several hours. The sickness remained, though not as potent, but the wound in his side still wept blood. Rising to his feet it became clear that his body was still under the effects of whatever was on that hill. In the intoxication of it, the world still possessed a fluid, watery form, but on closing his eyes for a moment he felt that he had somehow become accustomed to it, at least to the point where he could gain his bearing and find a route to escape.

Luck was on his side as the moon was present above, albeit only as a partial, waning crescent. This provided him with enough illumination to gauge the strange world and its shapes which surrounded him. He was unsure if he remained where he had fallen as the ancient standing stones, which he remembered vividly and with no little sense of dread, were nowhere to be seen. But as he stood there with his hand vainly attempting to stem the blood from his side, a frightening realisation crept towards him. John found it difficult to convey to me in simple words what that was, but he described it as ‘the rules of nature upturned’. Nothing seemed to make sense, for a moment he did not know who he was, why he was there, and what abominable source was causing such illness in him. He seemed to retain the knowledge of the hill and a memory of the church, but his thoughts were turbulent and disconnected. Fleeting moments of identity would quickly be surpassed and replaced by utter confusion. But regardless of the affliction, one constant remained; his instincts pleaded with him to leave that place immediately. But in this fragile state of mind, he could not tell which way would lead him down to the land below, and which route would send him upward, to whoever or whatever sat on the summit. The sensory intoxication was an experience unlike any other – the world unravelled.

A smell of sickness tinged the air. Whether it was his own vomit or the illness playing tricks, he did not know, but within that stench there was something else. A smell of dampness mixed with the unsettling scent of burnt hair. It became so strong that it began to sting John’s eyes, which only furthered his disorientation. Though his eyes were clouded by tears and the world seemed wrong, he now sensed what he could only describe as a presence. The musty smell increased in potency and as it did, John let out a cough. The response to the noise was distinct, and though he believed that it was impossible to know the mind of someone – something approached and it did so with malice and hatred as its companions.

Terror now turned to fleeting purpose as he quietly wandered passed shadowed trees and amongst the wild grass hoping to find his way out. Staggering as he fumbled his way through the darkness, the pain in his side grew and thoughts of dying out there on the hill, never to be found by his loved ones, became apparent. For a moment he thought that he would collapse once more, but while the sickness intensified, it was now accompanied by the sound of dead grass and wilted flora being thrust aside, as something trudged through the undergrowth nearby. John’s vision was now so poor that he could not tell which way was forward and which back, and in fleeting moments of clarity he felt repulsed by the idea of ending up back at the church or the stones, or graves – unsure of what they had been. He was utterly lost, and something which called that hideous hillside home now approached.

Be still.

But silence, nor darkness could shield him. No realm of oblivion could provide obscurity, for a wickedness as old as the earth now stalked a man who once laughed in the face of superstition and myth. The air grew denser and what little light the sliver of moon above provided, diminished as though it were being sucked deep into the ground with no escape. Then, nothing. The noise of branches and grass being broken and pushed aside ceased, and in its place a void of sound, almost unbearable. At the end of his nerves, John could feel any remaining vestige of hope or escape abandon him. It was close, its breath could be felt upon the air; foul, rancid, as of something which long ago lived and yet had not relinquished the desire to cause hurt and pain. Then movement. Dead leaves cracked under its weight, the long grass which had seemed so impenetrable, so dominant now torn and broken with each shuffling stride. The only thought in John’s mind now was to hide. Slowly, his breath stuttered and quietly gasping, he sank into the long grass, and there he lay; silent, terrified.

The presence was closer still, and in the darkness he thought that at times he could see the vague shape of a figure wandering just out of reach. It circled slowly, coming closer then retreating as if searching the ground meticulously. Then finally, the sound of its cumbersome footsteps grew distant, and then ceased. John breathed a sigh of relief.

Then a hand touched his face.

Survival now took him and with a yell of utter terror he rolled onto his side. Searing pain ran through his body, as his own weight and motion thrust an uneven piece of ground deep into his wound. A low grown escaped from whatever monstrosity stood before him and then, without knowing which way to proceed, John became motivated by a new impetus, jumping to his feet and bolting in a random direction, hoping beyond hope that it would lead out of that madness. That nightmare.

Trees and grass flew by in the pitch black of night. A thick miasma of sickness and burnt hair encircled everything, eliciting convulsive retching as he ran. At last he knew where he was, he had his bearing and it was one which he hoped he would never possess again. The church loomed tall and twisted before him. Something hurtled through the trees behind and in a moment it would be upon him. At least he knew which direction to go, running as he did to the side, towards the path which he had ascended earlier in the day, a worn track which would lead him to safety. But the land appeared unfamiliar and unnatural. The very shape and construction of his environment seemed to have bent to an unknown and malevolent mind. He had to continue on, to get away from what pursued him. The path must have been in that direction!

Then, finally he broke through a line of bushes and trees into a clearing. His heart sank to depths he did not know. There stood the church once more, but it appeared different somehow. By night the building seemed to possess a more sinister and bizarrely altered form from its daytime persona. For a moment John imagined its steeple to be not of rock, stone, or concrete, but of vine and earth and wood, spiralling towards a heaven which had long since spat it out at the world.

The rustle of trodden leaves approached once more as he stumbled and gasped for air. The pain from his wound was now almost unbearable, each step forward accompanied by an internal, blinding, tearing sensation. Forced to flee across the face of the church by his stalker, John moved as best he could, staggering and limping, weak and exhausted, entering a thick network of brambles and thorns. His clothes caught as the barbed appendages of the plants scratched at his face and arms. It was no use, he could not outrun what was coming. Looking over his shoulder, someone was clearly ripping through the branches only a few feet behind.

Fear coursed through John’s veins as his stalker now bore down on him. Letting out a cry of pain and anguish, the thing amongst the branches seemed to stop for a moment, observing him struggle, his hands cut and grazed by thorns. John pulled and grabbed at the thicket in front trying to escape, and then to chill his bones once, the figure behind stared, letting out a harrowing groan – somewhere between a laugh and a sigh of satisfaction. It began moving at great speed, breaking through the entangled cage of thorns and branches with ease, closing in quickly.

With a scream of pain and disbelief, John finally broke free of the thorns’ embrace, but despair haunted him. There the church stood once more, almost mocking, twisted and warped in ways that no human architect could conceive of. Staggering with little fight left, he moved passed the church once more as his assailant broke through the tree line, rushing towards him. John increased his pace as best he could, but by now he could muster little speed. The heavens now opened, and swathes of liquid poured over the church, flowing to the ground beneath which quickly became sodden and water-logged.

John’s strength diminished as he fell to his knees, admitting defeat as a hunted animal relents at the end. Then, salvation. From far away shone a light. One which beamed and broke through the almost impenetrable surrounding thickets. Something to hold on to. To hope. An anchor to follow, a light from outside that terrible hill. As the sound of his pursuer neared, scrambling across the grass in darkness, one last surge of energy awoke John from his terrible fate. The sight of light and life reignited what small vestige of hope remained. He screamed in agony as he lifted himself to his feet, the rain now lashing down upon him, drenched to the bone, pouring into the hole in his side. But it did not matter. All that mattered was that light, and the safety which it promised. Limping as quickly as he could in its direction, he thrust himself into the vines and branches of the entangled woodland, fear overriding any pain brought about as thorns scratched and cut at his skin.

Yet, he was making progress, and the light began to loom larger and larger; vibrant and sustaining. It was clear now that he was heading downhill and as the momentum of his trajectory caused stumble and fall after fall. It also increased his speed markedly. Flashes of memories not his own once again invaded his mind, thoughts of anger and hatred filled his vision; images of the church never empty yet absent of the living – as the priest reared his hands, so bowed the congregation’s heads.

Confusion was beginning to seep into him again, and the smell of burnt hair once more filled the world around. Though cumbersome, his stalker could be heard increasing pace, yet it seemed more agitated than it had before. Angered, perhaps even frustrated. John felt sick with panic, the blood now pouring from the wound in his side, unimpeded. Just as the light seemed closest; the promise of redemption, safety, and escape loomed near, he flew down a steep incline of grass, slipping in the wet mud and tumbled at speed to the ground. Pain, exhaustion, and hopelessness ruled supreme as his body, already battered and bruised, came to rest on top of a large fallen tree trunk.

The clambering footsteps drew near, and as they did so John thought to himself that he and that which he laid upon had both been victims of a cruel and hidden evil which called that hillside home.

‘Come on, son. Get up! Get up!’ a voice yelled in the darkness, almost drowned out by the now fervent breaking of ground and grass behind.

The world seemed warped, but as consciousness now prepared to wither once more from his mind, clarity returned and John realised where he was. His body was slumped not against a fallen tree, but against the wooden gate which marked the boundary of that terrible place.

Something was close. That thing which had been hounding him in the dark only a few feet away.

‘Move, it’s nearly upon you!’ cried the now familiar voice of Dale.

With one last movement, with the final piece of life left in him, John R—— opened the gate, falling face down into a puddle by the roadside.

III

I sat transfixed, the words flowing from John in stuttering fashion, yet with a conviction and reality which I found difficult to ignore, regardless of my scepticism. This man believed with every fibre of his being that what he had told me was the truth. Dale had apparently went after him, against the wishes of the other villagers, he had long ago lost a son and did not wish for anyone else to succumb to the apparent malevolence of the hillside. The landlord, being an old friend of the farmer’s, eventually gave in and both men travelled to the foot of the hill in the hopes that John would find their light in the darkness; follow it, and be the first to escape from there in living memory. No matter how much they wished to help though, they would not dare touch that gate, nor cross the hill’s threshold. John had to do that on his own, and he did so just as his pursuer leaned over him.

I remember letting out a sigh of relief as he finished the last of the wine in front of the fire. There was a moment of silence between us, and I realised that the entire bar was bathed in an anxious reticence. One which was almost tangible, as if those present wanted to speak, but dared not.

Finally I spoke, attempting to be as reassuring as possible: ‘That is an amazing story, John, but it is just a story. I’m sure there is a rational explanation for it all.’

He bowed his head gravely, staring at the floor.

‘If it’s just a story, then why can’t I leave?’ he said, looking up at me with an expression half caught in fear, half trapped in desperation.

‘What do you mean you can’t leave?’

‘I’ve been here for three months!’ he shouted. ‘I sometimes wish Dale had just left me there.’

‘John,’ I said, leaning over and resting my hand on his shoulder reassuringly,‘You can leave whenever you want.’

But I could see from his expression that he did not believe me. He had been consumed by whatever myths and superstitions the locals had fed him. I concluded that his psyche had been poisoned. Of course I felt that the land lord and others meant well, but I was sure that a conventional explanation would hopefully cure him of his afflicted mind.

‘I’m going to Glasgow tomorrow,’ I said cheerfully. ‘Why not join me? The bus will be here in the afternoon and we can travel back together. But… Of course, I’m forgetting, you have your car with you. Please don’t think I was fishing for a lift.’

I laughed, but John just stared at me grimly, then answered: ‘ My car is sitting out back, wrecked.’

‘Really? I hope it’s not too bad. What happened?’

‘It took me several days to recover after my experience on the hill,’ he said mournfully before continuing, ‘but when I felt up to it I packed my bags, thanked Dale and the landlord, then drove out of the village. A couple of miles into my journey the rain came down in sheets. Visibility was terrible, but I just wanted to leave. I lost control of the car and went straight into a tree. I was survived, but the car is a write-off.’

‘Well, accidents happen. As long as you were OK. How about another drink?’ I said standing up. As I did so, John grabbed my arm forcefully.

‘It was no accident. There was something else on that road. I saw him standing there. A man… I think. At least, it appeared like a man. I swerved to avoid him.’

‘And a good thing too. The last thing you would want around here would be to accidentally kill a local.’ My jokes once more did not appease his frustrations.

I sat back down as he conveyed to me his predicament. After the incident with the car, which was towed back to the inn by Dale, John tried everything he could to leave. Each time he attempted to use the local bus there would be a problem. It would breakdown, or there would be a landslide stopping it from entering the village – he even claimed that was why I had been stranded over night, because he had intended to take the bus again that day.

The man was adamant. For three months he had been a guest at ‘The Laird of Dungorth’, and yet no matter how he tried, he could not leave the outskirts of the village. Several times he had even tried to hike to the nearest town, but on each occasion he was beaten back by bitter and perilous weather which appeared without warning. He had even tried to phone for help, but his mobile phone seemed to have no signal, while using a land-line resulted in a continuous static. The same applied for anyone who tried to make a call on his behalf.

While I could not explain everything that had happened, I was certain that a series of rational and conventional events could account for each. It seemed madness that someone so obviously intelligent and articulate be made to believe such nonsense. I genuinely felt sympathy for the man.

‘You are the victim of a self fulfilling prophecy,’ I said confidently.

‘What do you mean?’ John replied.

‘I’ve worked in many villages like this. You come to an old part of the country with a haunting landscape. It seems like another world compared to the modern life of London. Then you are provided with paranoia fuel. A myth that the locals believe about a cursed part of the land. Taking all that in, you have some terrible luck hitting a tree with your car, and before you know it, you believe the whole thing. Perhaps you even imagined the figure on the road. Maybe even the whole encounter.’

‘What about the hill?’ he asked, obviously intrigued by any possibility that escape could be achieved.

‘Probably a placebo effect from all the stories you’ve heard. That or, who knows, maybe you had food poisoning or a virus of some kind and hallucinated the entire thing. Maybe there’s even some nut up there living in that church.’

It was obvious that he remained unconvinced, but I felt that it was my duty to take this poor soul out of that village, back to Glasgow where he could hopefully make arrangements to get home. I had seen the damage that unfounded beliefs could cause amongst people and communities before, and I was genuinely appalled by it. I just wanted to help.

‘Tomorrow, we’ll get the bus together and I’ll buy you a pint in Glasgow.’

He never said much in return, other than nodding his head reluctantly in agreement.

IV

The next day I rose early with a singular purpose. While I had to get home to work on my assignment, the bus was not due until the early evening, which gave me just enough time to persuade John to come with me in the most dramatic of fashions: To go to the hill myself. I knew that if I returned without any of these strange experiences that perhaps he would forget about the superstitious nonsense which the villagers had afflicted him with, and leave on the bus with me. I must also confess that I was utterly intrigued by the idea of the place, and while I had absolutely no doubt that John’s experiences were mistaken, I actually felt that there might be an article, or even a story in the whole ordeal. As a writer, such opportunities rarely present themselves.

Before I left I spoke with him and made my intentions clear. He pleaded with me not to go, that his fate need not be mine, but after much protestation he accepted that I would not be dissuaded, and reluctantly agreed that should I return without paranormal, supernatural, or otherworldly incidence, that he would leave for Glasgow with me.

After providing me with directions – ones which I was sure would not be forthcoming from the villagers – I made my way out to the supposedly tainted hillside. I must admit that when I saw it at first it did appear… odd to me. Misplaced somehow. But again, I counted this as the subconscious effect of John’s tale. The environment appeared to be just as he had described. At least that much was accurate. The road was blocked with rubble and rubbish, and I too found the wooden gate lying at the foot of the hillside. There was even a stain of blood upon it, certainly making the conclusion of his story more believable. The thought of some maniac up there did give me pause, but even if someone had chased John through the undergrowth, they had probably moved on after being confronted by Dale and the land lord. In any case, a badly wounded John had been able to escape, so I felt confident I would be fine.

I did not feel anything out of the ordinary as I crossed the threshold, and while the tangled weave of trees and dead grass did provoke feelings of decay, I was surprised by just how innocuous and commonplace the environment felt. After climbing the steep path which clearly had been used numerous times in recent years, I reached a spot which was reminiscent of John’s descriptions.

And there it was. Obscured from the world by a wall of leaves, rotting wood, and grass: The church. I was significantly surprised as I had thought such a building would surely have been part of John’s hallucinations and I concede that I began to feel slightly unnerved by its existence, and hesitated for a moment before proceeding. I’m embarrassed to say that had the area not been illuminated by the morning light, I may even have considered retreating. But I did not.

The church was fascinating, and I, at the very least, wished to see if it was as John had said, with an altar undisturbed inside. It was not difficult to gaze inward, though I shuddered slightly remembering the description of the door being partially blocked by debris, yet it lay wide open unimpeded, and this discrepancy did give me pause once more. Yet, there I stood, at the threshold peering inside. It was exactly as he had described; the floor strewn with rubble from a failing roof, the altar raised up ahead, an inscription – which by now I had no doubt did indeed read as John had stated – and the doorway leading downstairs to an unknown destination.

You must understand that at no point did I genuinely think that something supernatural resided there, the very idea seemed laughable; but I did began to question my safety. Thoughts of a hermit or mentally deranged recluse living under a remote church did not fill me with confidence.

‘Hello? Is anyone there?’ I shouted, my voice echoing up towards the rafters above.

With no reply, I castigated myself for being so paranoid and stepped inside. Carefully I negotiated the rubble, noticing droplets of blood on a broken piece of wood which I assumed were John’s. Thoughts of blood poisoning now entered my mind: Perhaps the wound in his side caused the hallucinations, at least the ones which occurred afterwards? That could have explained his disorientation.

The altar stood as he had stated. Realising that I may need to prove that I had been there to reassure the man, I took out my phone and started taking pictures of the church interior. With each flash the hall lit up, and as it did so my mind crept back to John’s descriptions of a zealous priest and a fearful congregation huddled under the protection of the church – but protected from what?

Turning to the darkened doorway which led underneath the building, I felt my heart begin to race at the prospect of descending the stone staircase, but I was compelled to, although not for entirely altruistic intentions. Yes, I did want to show John that there was nothing down there, and that the beliefs which seemed to hold him paralysed within the boundaries of the village were unsubstantiated; but I also wanted to know what lay beneath, myself. Why did this church have a subterranean level? Was there a crypt? My curiosity piqued and my mouth watered at the possibility of a published article describing my discovery, of an unknown archaeological find with perhaps an important and valuable relic or two within.

As I approached the door, I could feel the cold air breathing from below. Using the light from my phone, I calmed my nerves which had begun to grate on me and looked cautiously inside. A steep and narrow flight of stairs dripped down into the ground beneath. The walls were darkened grey and seemed to have been carved or formed with far less care than the rest of the church. I shouted down there once more, but again no one replied and I therefore assumed the place to be abandoned. As I descended, I was surprised by just how long the staircase actually was, and by the time I reached its conclusion estimated that I was at least fifty feet beneath the old church. It appeared peculiar to me that a level would be so far beneath the ground and questioned to myself the purpose of it – why had the architects, builders, or followers of the church dug so deep.

At the last step I composed myself, and turned to face a darkened doorway at the conclusion of the staircase. The blue light from my phone illuminated everything around. What I saw deeply disturbed me; a large room, the floor littered with rags, stone, and human bones. I could not tell how many bodies had been left to rot there, for they were too numerous. The chill in the air was pronounced, and I felt frozen to the core not just by the cold of the stone which surrounded me, but by the sorrowful feeling I felt inside. It was almost as if I could imagine people huddled down there, spending their last moments hidden from the sun. The very impression I had, was that they had died there, yet I did not know why I was so convinced of this.

Taking a few pictures, I then entered what I can only describe as… a mass grave. I was careful to not disturb the bones, but I am ashamed to say that I felt the crunch of a few under foot. To the right lay a doorway leading into another chamber, and while I did not wish to disturb the tomb any more than I already had, I felt compelled to know the entire story. That is, what else was down there.

Above the doorway sat a stone cherub, carved with a degree of artistic flair, putting it at odds with the room full of bones, but the childlike face wore a strange grin upon it. Not of joy or playfulness, but of taunting and sadomasochistic indulgence. The very sight of it left me with a feeling of revulsion, and so I quickly entered the other chamber to be removed from its gaze.

Inside was a large room, much grander than the one before. I could tell immediately that something of importance to those who had built the church had once been housed there. The walls were adorned with beautifully carved symbols, some Christian, but many of a nature I could not identify. In the centre of the room lay a block of solid stone three feet across. A large hole lay to its side. On the rock was the following inscription:

Here lies the father. Loved by some, hated by many.

As I pondered the epitaph I peered into the hole. The grave was vacant, but I was glad that I had seen it before walking around the room, as it was deep and wide enough to have given me a nasty fall. Being stranded down there with a broken leg was not something that I wished to consider. The dirt inside the grave was stained black by what looked like a deposit of charcoal throughout, and the fringe of the hole was surrounded by a circular pile of dirt. I assumed that grave robbers, or perhaps those who had ‘hated’ the man, had removed his body long ago.

The air of the place was beginning to affect me intensely. Each breathe inward was jagged and cold, and the discomfort was such that I decided I had seen enough. While taking a few pictures to document the tomb before leaving, the flash from my phone brought something on the floor into sharp focus. Covered in earth and dirt lay a book which poked out slightly from the ground. Gently blowing the dust from it, I carefully lifted it up, resting the book on top of the makeshift gravestone.

The binding was ancient, peeling slightly as I ran my hand over it. The dark red cover, which I could not identify the material out of which it had been made, spoke of time gone by and of stories lost yet important. Deep down I knew that such an item should be removed carefully and studied by scholars, but as a writer, my passion for a story compelled me to see what it contained. Opening it, I was amazed. This was a chronicle. A hand written account of the history of the church, its congregation and the hillside. A snapshot of a people long since forgotten.

It was written in a linguistically confused tone, as the wording seemed to be a mix of Old Scots English and phrases in a language unfamiliar to me, one which I assumed to be Celtic or Gaelic in origin, however, the passages in Old Scots I could read to a degree. What follows is a loose recollection of what had been inscribed there.

***

In the 15th century a group of refugees came to that area in search of a place they could call home. The valleys – or glens as they are known in Scotland – were uninhabited at that time, as too was a strange hill which dominated the landscape. The people were from a place called Dungorth, and they had escaped from the laird there who had ruled that region at the time; fleeing his persecution as he was a brutal and merciless ruler who punished all who did not follow his beliefs.

In all they numbered only in the hundreds, and while their elders wished to settle in the glens, a prominent priest amongst them claimed that to bless the lands, and to ensure that no ills would befall their community, the hill must be settled first – a beacon of holiness casting a shadow of protection on all below. While some were suspicious of the man’s fascination with the place, he was known for his kindness and as one whose judgement could be trusted. Disheartened, the elders began to follow his example, as it was typical of the time for people to be God fearing. There, on that isolated and baleful hillside, they built a small settlement, but almost immediately a few of the settlers began to fall ill. A sickness which could not be explained and which often resulted in a feverish madness.

The priest blamed a number of standing stones which were peppered throughout the hillside, remnants of – to him at least – an old and heretical religion. It was decided under his supervision that the people should build a church. With the presence of consecrated ground, it was thought that the effects of whatever resided on the hill previously, would be eradicated.

They were wrong.

Despite their efforts the sickness only grew worse, and many began to suspect that the priest himself was in league with the abhorrent forces at play. Some of the elders rose up against him, but under his orders, members from the church congregation executed those who rebelled. Fearing for their lives, many of the settlers who were outraged by the priest and his followers, fled in the night, escorting the remaining elders to the lands below. Most made it off of the hill, but some returned wailing and frightened, believing themselves to have been stalked by uncertain and unearthly figures in the woods, unable to escape. To save their lives, they pledged undying fellowship to the priest and his church.

Claiming to be receiving visions from the almighty himself, the holy man assured the villagers that if they carried out his explicit instructions that they would all be saved. Each night they gathered in the church as the priest spewed forth his visions and damning, seething hatred for those who had left. It became clear to some that he had gone mad, but by then the man had formed a strict and brutally loyal conclave of followers who hung on every word and prophecy, making any rebellion sure to be a violent, bloody, and uncertain one.

Many spoke of dreams without form, blinded by darkness, and several families were found in their homes, suffocated in the night. The priest blamed those who had escaped and told stories of how they were the source of the darkness which had persecuted his people, cursing them to a desperate end. Bitterness and anger swept through the community and several villagers were selected to descend the hill and bring back the elders who were to be judged and sacrificed if need be. But no one could leave. No matter how hard they tried, the church loomed large, no matter which way they walked, down or up, they would appear where they had begun, confused and disorientated.

The sickness spread, and the village watchmen one by one were found choked and mutilated in the streets, with witnesses claiming to have seen strange entities prowling around at night. In the panic, those left had no option but to cling to their religion for salvation, in the hope that the church would protect them. They huddled together underneath its roof, in abject terror for what approached from the shadows outside.

Here, the writing changed markedly, becoming jagged, fervent, and more pronounced. The priest himself had taken over from the town chronicler who he had deemed to be unsatisfactory. Several pages followed, pockets of English entangled with what looked like Latin, and a number of unusual and indecipherable languages. Each page was filled with pain and scorn for those who had left, and then, the words just stopped.

***

Standing there in that Stygian and foreboding place, I ran my fingers across the spine of the book and could see clearly that the last page had been torn out. What it could have contained, I did not know.

I felt overwhelmed by the account which I had just read as a very real and palpable fear surged throughout my body. The thought occurred to me, that the accounts of the sickness which had plagued the exiles of Dungorth seemed remarkably similar to John’s experiences. I could not avoid the coincidence and I began to suspect that something had in fact affected him after all; something tangible. Perhaps a contaminant in the ground. A poison maybe? I had read about pockets of methane gas escaping through the earth and at sea which had killed many, but it was not out of the question that something similar, perhaps in a smaller dose could in fact have caused mass hallucinations, sickness, and even madness. It was the most feasible explanation I could come up with. Yet, why had I not been effected? Perhaps, as the chronicle had stated, some people were more immune to the contaminant than others.

My attention now turned once more to the grave, or at least what was left of it. I wondered what the people did with the body of that loved but hated priest, assuming that was who ‘the father’ referred to. Did they re-bury it in another location? Perhaps his followers were worried that his grave would be vandalised. The answer became clear to me almost immediately: They had burned him in his grave, under the very church he had built; the hole where his body once lay, now marked eternally by the blackened stains of smoke and ember. I shuddered at the thought that he may have been thrown down there and set alight while still alive.

The air now grew noticeably colder, but this was not what marked the beginning of my ordeal. I leaned over, looking closely at what I saw on the rim of the grave. I could not bring my self to believe it. There on the brim of the hole was a callous signature left by the church’s former attendant. In the darkness I must have missed it, but now it was unmistakable. There on the edge of the grave was a hand print, blackened and burned, as of someone clawing their way out of their eternal and forsaken pit.

My breath spiralled slowly out of my mouth, congealing in the icy surrounds while my heart raced at the mere possibility of what had risen from that hole in the ground. As the air grew colder still, I stood up and made my way to the foot of the stairs – I had to get out of there, into the sunlight, into the open. It was then that I heard it. At first it was merely the impression of a sound. Then more definite, rising in intensity and clarity. Something stirred above.

People. Many of them, groaning and lamenting, crying for their lives in unison. Chants in the darkness, both Christian and of something older, a fetid religion that had best been left in the ground. As the wails of misery ascended, a single voice rose up out of the cacophony. Deafening and terrible, it spoke of the end of days, of betrayal, and of unimpeded sin. The voice yelled and screamed, renouncing all who did not listen, a vengeful sermon from that stone altar above.

I cannot put the fear I felt into words. Alone in the cold darkness of a defiled crypt, with no way out other than up and into that church hall where something hideous now relived forgotten and terrible times. The screams grew louder as the banging and scuffing of feet rushed towards the staircase, towards where I stood. Such pain in those voices, I ran in terror as they flew down the ancient staircase towards me.

Without thinking, I jumped down into the empty grave switching the light from my phone off and found myself cowering, shaken to my very core by the agonising voices which cried out against the world, and one another, in the next room – hate and utter despair at evil both outside and in. The roar of agony increased, men, women, children weeping and cursing a God they believed had forsaken them. Accusations, persecution, and the tearing of flesh. Then, silence. I clung to the bottom of that charred grave with my fingernails etched into the soil. Any scepticism I had for unseen and hidden forces had receded. Shaking violently in the cold bleakness, I waited for several minutes before switching the light of my phone back on.

Peering over the brim of the grave, I pulled myself silently onto the floor. The rooms were empty, all but for the broken bones and skulls of countless lives ruined by whatever evil lay in that hillside. I finally plucked up the courage and with nerves shredded and beliefs shattered, I climbed the stairs slowly, scared rigid at the thought of what might be waiting for me at the top, but it was my only way out, and I would be damned if I was going to end my days the way those poor people had, cowering deep below.

The hall was empty. As quietly as possible, I crossed the room negotiating debris and rubble quickly but quietly, cutting through an oppressive silence, finally exiting through the doorway to the open air. Once out of the church I fell to my knees, quivering with anxiety as I tried to process the entire experience. My mind then flew back to what had been in that grave, and more importantly, where it was now. Then I knew. Running as fast as I could through bushes and thickets, I reached the path quickly, unimpeded by whatever evil had blocked the settler’s escape, but I did not stop, half filled with terror at what might have been in pursuit, and half pleading for my instincts to be wrong.

The air burned in my lungs as I rushed down the path, within minutes the wooden gate was in sight and I was off of that wretched hill, a place I would never tread again. Not for money, not for a story, not for anything. I would have breathed a sigh of relief at this thought, but that was not in my mind. I had to get back to the inn as quickly as possible. Continuing to run as fast as I could, I fought exhaustion and the limits of my own body, and after a time across field and hedgerow, finally the Laird of Dungorth inn came into view.

Staggering towards the old building, it was then that I heard it. Screams, of agony, of terror, and for mercy. I knew instantly where and by whom. A new found jolt of stamina found me as I broke into a sprint once more, bursting through the doors into the bar. There, the room lay in silence. Villagers sat staring at their drinks while the landlord himself stood motionless, his eyes pointed to the ground. The screams continued from the rooms above. I begged and pleaded for someone to help me, but none would listen. Realising I was alone to confront it, I broke for the stairs, but the landlord forcefully intervened, dragging me back, his arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders.

‘Leave him son, you can’t help!’ he yelled as two other men attempted to restrain me.

I thrust my elbow into the stomach of the landlord behind and then barged passed the two men, knocking one to the floor. Tearing up the stairs I followed the awful cries straight to John’s room. The door was locked. Thrusting my shoulder against the door, again and again, it cracked and splintered against my efforts. With each strike I heard the garbled gasp of something unearthly inside in response. Finally, the door gave way and in I went.

For a moment I glimpsed something which looked like a man, at least something which once was alive. Blackened and burned, it turned its head as if to stare at me – I cannot say whether it truly saw me as it had no eyes to speak of. In its grip was the crumpled and lifeless body of John R———.

Then, it turned, wriggling through an open window, carting the poor man’s body behind. They were both gone.

The room then took on a volatile and fluid appearance. I do not know if it was the exertion of my efforts or just being in proximity to that grotesque miscreation, but a sickness overcame me, seeping through my stomach, and as I lost consciousness I cried out in helplessness.

V

That was several days ago. It seems I banged my head against the floor when I collapsed and somehow injured my leg in the process. The village doctor who examined me prescribed some antibiotics for what he believed to be a stomach infection, and a sedative which helped ease my anxiety. With little else to occupy me, I have committed everything I can remember about this entire horrid ordeal to paper. After all, a writer writes.

Yesterday I visited John’s Room for the first time since he was taken. It was silent, and it felt empty in a way I have never truly known before. An absence of life is the best I can describe it. The place lay ransacked, his belongings still strewn across the floor. I assumed that no one had been in there, the land lord was probably too frightened, but I do not blame him. As I turned to leave the now vacant room, I noticed one item which looked out of place – it did not belong. On John’s bed lay a withered and stained piece of paper. I knew where it had come from without even needing to read it, the last page of the chronicle, the account of those who had settled on the hill. A maze of repeated phrases in arcane and forgotten languages spread out across the crumpled and fragile paper, but one in English stood out. It simply said ‘No One Leaves’.

I do not know what to make of anything any more. I feel exhausted, yet my mind still picks over the last few days piece by piece. I am wracked with guilt, somehow I feel my very presence on that hill brought whatever that was back down here to take John. Otherwise, why did it wait so long?

My last thought on the matter is that perhaps I’ve just been lucky, that I visited the hill when that thing wasn’t on it probably saved my life. In any case, regardless of how the villagers wish to explain this I will be reporting John’s disappearance when I arrive in Glasgow, and asking the police to take a look at the number of residents who have went missing in the area over the years. I think they will be surprised by the number.

Home seems a million miles away, but I know that I will be there shortly, to my own bed, another world far away from the events of the past few days; perhaps there I will be able to put this madness into context. I have never been so homesick. Hopefully I will be there in a matter of hours, although, the bus out of the village is running a little late.

The End

–

Update from the author: Hi everyone. I’ve just self-published On a Hill via Amazon. I’m not asking anyone to buy it, but if you did read it and enjoy it here, if you could take a couple of minutes to rate it by clicking here and share it, that would be amazing. Sorry for the gratuitous self promotion. Thanks again for reading!

~ Mike


When I was a child, the school which I attended was peculiar yet wonderfully interesting. Whether it was the fact that it was surrounded in places by overgrown bushes and opposite a strangely crooked wood which ignited my imagination, or perhaps the funny, eccentric, and sometimes fearsome teachers and kids which populated it, I do not know. I’m not sure of when it was built, but it certainly stood out from the houses and quiet streets which surrounded it, covered as it was in a bright fiery red paint which drew your eyes to it immediately. There I went from the age of five up until I was eleven or twelve, and like most children, I have both fond and cruel memories of it.

Each day with a rucksack on my back, I would wander past the crooked wood and wave to the ‘lollipop lady’ Mrs Collins – a kind old woman who’s job it was to stop traffic with her bright yellow sign, letting us cross in safety – and after meeting my friends, walk through the rusted brown gates into one of two playgrounds.

It was rumoured that in the past the two grounds existed to separate boys from girls – both an understandable and utterly outdated concept. By the time I had went to the school, the first playground had been assigned for those aged five to eight, the second for those aged eight and up. In the older kids’ playground there lay a small red brick building which stood on its own, disconnected from the main school complex. It had long since fallen into disuse, and in fact had been sealed from prying eyes, its doors and windows walled up with stone and mortar making it impossible to see what was inside.

Its purpose seemed a bit of a mystery as most of the teachers seemed to skirt around the topic entirely, but of course stories spread amongst the wild imaginations of children, and in my school this fondness for outlandish tales of tragedy and forbidden places often led to bizarre rumours and whispers, particularly pertaining to the sealed building – obscurity is a fertile ground for the fantastical ruminations of youth.

When me and my and friends were in the younger playground, we would sometimes sneak down a narrow passageway which would lead to the other and peek around the corner. There we would see the older kids playing football or just hanging around – it is amusing how younger children look to their older peers – thinking that they seemed to be having so much more fun than us. But before we would be chased away by the janitor or a passing teacher, my eyes would always lead to that sealed building. There was something lonely about it, isolated, and while it was surrounded by the yells and vibrancy of a school yard, its appearance suggested a grave silence to me.

Some of the older kids liked to scare themselves and us, and told us dramatically that it had been used as a science department and that there had been a hideous accident there, one which had produced strange and gruesome things which had to be kept from the world – even as a child of eight I knew made up nonsense when I heard it. Then there was the account that it had been a previous and rather brutal head teacher’s office decades earlier, and that he had died there in a fire. His ghost obviously still haunted the place and it was better that the vengeful old sod be contained there, fuming at his desk as children enjoyed themselves and played nearby – again, utter garbage.

There was, however, one account of why the place had been abandoned which seemed more plausible to me. The building was in fact, a toilet. Yes, a normal toilet. No frills, no secret laboratories, no dead spirits of an overbearing head teacher. It had simply been sealed up when new facilities were installed in the school to stop the children from climbing inside and getting up to mischief. But yet, despite this mundane explanation, there were still in fact tales to be told about the red bricked, disconnected building in the older kids’ playground.

Although I had heard the stories, it wasn’t until I was in my fourth year at the school that I became intimately and, at the time, uncomfortably involved with it. The older kids’ playground was flanked on three sides by a rectangular section of the school itself, with the fourth side separated from neighbouring houses by a mouldy and dark red wall. It was isolated from the other playground – other than the aforementioned passageway – and, to further the feeling of imprisonment, was characterised by tall metal fencing which rose up in places where a brave classmate might have attempted their great escape. Yet, there was one old gate which did allow access of sorts, but like prison guards, the teachers tended to check on it regularly.

There, in the corner of the grounds, lay the old building. Its windows were indeed enclosed in brick, as were its two doors, but the roof seemed unusual to me, being flat in places and surely gathering puddles of rainwater during the wetter seasons. I was, at that age – and embarrassingly still to this day – terrified by heights and it was much to my horror when I discovered that climbing up onto the roof of the old toilets was seen as a rites of passage of some sort. Don’t misunderstand me, we weren’t forced to go up there, but children can be cruel and when someone new to that playground showed weakness, or fear, this would often result in them being picked on.

Over the coming weeks I watched as each of my friends climbed up onto the roof when the opportunity presented itself, dangling their legs over the sides nonchalantly once up there; one by one claiming their right to be in the older playground, while I succumbed to ever increasing taunts about my fear and cowardice. Don’t disbelieve me when I say, I did try. Several times a ball would be kicked accidentally onto the roof and my classmates would turn to me to retrieve it. I even made it up the side of an old drainpipe on a few occasions, far enough to reach my hand up and over to touch the roof’s surface. Yet, each time, I would fail. Fear would grip me and with each admission of defeat, the name calling and embarrassment intensified.

I can trace back a curious, and probably detrimental, aspect of my personality to that time. You see, failure in front of strangers to this day does not bother me, but friends, family, even acquaintances? The very idea makes me break out in a cold sweat. Later in life I followed the stereotypical path of chasing fame as a teenager and I would have no problem playing in bands in front of those I did not know, but put a familiar face in the audience and my nerves would take hold. The stakes of failure would be raised that much higher, in my mind at least.

For this reason I chose an odd time to truly face my fear. One day after school, I waited outside the gates, watching as the other children slowly syphoned out of the two playgrounds, kicking their feet through the autumn leaves. Parents escorted the youngest of my fellow students, while those of an older age walked with their classmates – some eagerly, others not so – making their way down the hill, passed the woods, to their homes in the surrounding area.

As the school became ever emptier, and the teachers themselves began to leave, I walked down the street, entering the gardens at the back of the building. I always found the rear of my school to be an interesting place. It consisted of shrubs, bushes, and an old ash football pitch. Our teachers never seemed to use the area for anything, and we were actively encouraged to keep clear of it. Again, there were stories amongst the students that a child had been abducted while playing there years previously, whether that was true or not, I do not know.

Once I was as certain as I could be that everyone was gone, I sneaked through the bushes up a small incline to the rear of the playground. There, embedded in the wall was the narrow brown gate which the teachers kept a watchful eye on, but as far as I knew was never used. I assumed that it had served a legitimate purpose years previously, but for me and my friends, it was the place where we would climb over to run around the school grounds at the weekend when no one was there – it was an exceptional place to play one man hunt with so many nooks and crannies to hide in.

As cautious as I was, I wanted to truly attempt to get up onto the roof of the old toilets. In my eight year old head, I had visions of sneaking up there in the morning and surprising my friends, or running up there to heroically retrieve a girl’s ball – in childhood we think that those around us really care about our actions, but in truth they are of little consequence to anyone other than ourselves. Yes, I had been bullied a little for not being as strong or as fearless as those around me, and that sense of public failure, of insecurity, while a potent sensation at a young age while in hindsight completely exaggerated, was enough to give me the courage to at least attempt the climb.

I had considered asking one of my friends to join me as I was nervous that a teacher might still be there, that I would get into trouble, and so needed a lookout, but this would only have given me someone to fail in front of. I decided to attempt it on my own. After waiting for what seemed an age, I slowly climbed over the gate, which rattled unnervingly under my movements, echoing out around the playground. Then, after hesitantly observing the hundreds of windows which dotted the school for movement, and happy enough with the absence of light emanating from them, I stepped silently to the sealed building.

Even though I knew as little as an audience of one could effect my confidence, I partly wished that I had not been alone, as the building and its deserted surroundings left me feeling uneasy. I knew, however, that if I just got up there once, that I would have conquered my fear and would be able to climb up onto the roof with ease in future. Hopefully putting any name-calling to rest.

I stood staring at the drain pipe which would be my avenue to success, clinging as it did through rusted fittings to the side of the building. My mind back then was often clouded with the worst possibilities, focusing on the most negative outcome, and as I began to climb slowly, I imagined that the drainpipe would wrench away from the wall throwing me against the concrete ground at any moment.

The truth is that it did not move, no matter how much I believed that it did. Without a witness, I was now as far as I had ever reached, able to stick my hand up above me and touch the edge of the roof. My heart raced with excitement as I began to believe that I really could do it, that success was in sight.

I then made the mistake of looking down to check my progress. The experience of height is something difficult to convey to someone who has no problem with it. While in reality I was probably no more than seven or eight feet off the ground, I perceived this as a monumental distance. I felt my stomach churn, my heart beat erratically, and the world below begin to spin and distort. Worse still, a loss of nerve permeated my body leaving me feeling weak and I could feel my grip begin to loosen.

It is strange how the mind works, for just as I was ready to admit defeat once more and retreat, the insults and jeers of my classmates rang throughout my awareness as if they were present, down there, taunting me. With what was for me a huge effort, I found myself continuing to climb upwards, my hands reaching out to the damp roof and then before I knew it, there I was.

Letting out a laugh of excitement, a sensation of relief washed over me. I could not wait for the next day. To be up there on the roof, proving those who had been cruel to me, wrong. Peeking over the edge I still felt trepidation at the height, but nowhere near as much as I had done before, my triumph quelling my anxiety.

Still, I was not too keen to remain there for long, so I decided to investigate my surroundings briefly, then climb back down to the safety of the playground and head home, ecstatic. The roof was painted in a similar fiery red colour to the main school building, but it had long since peeled and cracked suggesting that it had been a long time since someone had been up there to give it a new coat.

Standing up cautiously, I felt my legs waver slightly as my stomach churned again at the thought of how high up I was – laughable really as the height of the roof was probably no more than ten feet. Yet, no matter how nervous I was, the sense of triumph which I felt coursing through my body was truly wonderful.

I walked slowly from one side of the roof to the other, careful not to trip as I did so. The short walk from the drainpipe to the opposite ledge and back filled me with a feeling of conquest, as of someone patrolling their territory, for those brief moments that roof, that building was mine.

Just as I turned to finally make my way back to ground, I noticed that in middle of the roof there was a hole. I’m not sure how I hadn’t noticed it before, although it was quite small, big enough for me to fit my hand through and little else. Curious, I took a few careful steps and then knelt for a closer look.

Yes, there was a hole, and the light from the evening sky passed straight through it, illuminating what lay inside. I put my eye as close as possible to the opening without blocking the light and was surprised by what I saw. Down there in the darkness like a perfectly preserved tomb, the old fashioned white tiling remained intact. I could see the sinks where students years ago once washed there hands or flicked water at one another for amusement, and three stalls – cubicles with strong dark brown doors – lying there as if still used. The air inside was tinged with dust and age, yet if someone had told me that the building had been sealed only the day before, I would have believed them. All but for one thing, a layer of stagnant water which covered the floor; no doubt accumulating there from rain dripping in through the opening in the roof.

Then I became aware of a strong smell. One which left my eyes stinging slightly and my mood apprehensive. Yes, there was no doubting it, someone was smoking a cigarette nearby. My heart sank as I lay there motionless, cursing myself for taking too much time on the roof to celebrate my victory. A teacher or perhaps the janitor must have stayed behind to work late and was probably standing in the playground below. I thought that they must have been close as the smoke smelled thick and oppressive.

I lay curled up on the cold wet concrete waiting for whoever was there to leave. The now almost caustic smoke seemed to be increasing in strength and several times I had to hold my breath, frightened that I would cough and be caught. I do not believe I exaggerate when I say that I lay motionless for half an hour, yet it took me all that time to make a simple, yet unsettling observation. While I could smell the smoke – indeed feeling as if I was inhaling just as much as the unseen smoker themselves – I couldn’t see it. I would have expected to have seen the smoke rise up and over the roof top, but not even the slightest wisp was evident.

The autumn sky was now dimming and I grew frustrated as the cold damp stone below me sent chills through my body. Wishing that I had never went up there in the first place, I felt hunger approaching and knew that by now my parents would be worried about me. I persuaded myself that I could at least dip my head over the edge of the roof and quickly take a look to see who was there. Maybe if they were on the other side of the yard I could climb down unseen. I slid across the roof as quietly as I could and slowly peered downward, sure to not make any sudden movements to attract attention.

There was no one there. The playground was empty and the darkened windows of the main school building seemed as vacant as they had done before. Yet the smell and taste of cigarette smoke still filled my lunges and stung my eyes. Then, I witnessed something which rooted me to the spot. A single curling strand of smoke slid upward through the hole in the roof – someone was down there. Someone was inside that room beneath me.

This seemed impossible. As far as I was aware there was no way inside. The building had been sealed off perfectly from the outside world, yet there it was: A puff of cigarette smoke which escaped first from the mouth of someone unseen below, and then through the hole in the roof to where I had been lying.

My triumph of finally facing my fear of heights seemed a distant memory, and now all I could think of was getting off of that roof to safety down below. But the hole lay between myself and the drainpipe, and curiosity being as gripping a mindset as any, I decided to take a quick look inside before quietly making my escape and leaving the building behind.

As I approached the opening, the smell of smoke grew stronger still, and as I peered inward the thought of ‘don’t look’ filtered through my mind. But it was too late. I had looked. At first, there was nothing. The room below seemed darker than had done before, but this could be explained by the dimming sky and my eyes adapting to the change. What could not be explained was the noise I heard coming from inside.

It seemed distant at first, indistinct and uncertain. Then it gradually took form, to me sounding like someone choking. I smiled to myself thinking that it was probably the cigarette smoke and that maybe some local kids had a den down there, but then suddenly, in the gloom, my eyes were drawn to one of the cubicles. Its door was closed and yet I was not convinced that it had been before. I tilted my head closer to the hole, but my angle of view shrouded the inside from inspection.

As the choking sound increased in volume, so to did the smell of smoke. Then sound and smell were joined by something which chilled my very soul. I panicked, and let out a cry as the door quivered with impact as of someone violently kicking it from the other side. Smoke now filled my lungs and as my eyes watered I could barely see anything both inside the building and out.

Then, it stopped. The choking sound had disappeared, and the smell of smoke had simply vanished. For a moment I started to think that I had imagined it all. I gasped for air, drawing deep into my lungs, only for terror to take me once more. In the dark silence; in the cold, damp, and forgotten room below. The sound of footsteps in water filled the air. Then, the cubicle door slowly began to creak open.

I can’t say entirely what took place after that. I believe I’ve blocked much of it from my memory. Apparently the head master – an intimidating yet kind man by the name of Mr McKay – had been in his office working late on the other side of the building. When he was disturbed by the sound of my screams, he rushed outside and found me on the roof curled up into a ball, paralysed with fear, sobbing. After some reassuring words, he helped me down and took me to his office where he once again guaranteed that I was safe, and then phoned for my parents to come and pick me up.

I trusted Mr McKay implicitly and as I fought the tears back I described everything which had happened. The roof, the smoke, the cubicle. As I told him my story, the blood drained from my head master’s face. I have long thought about what he told me in that office after hearing my account. Perhaps he wished to frighten me so that I and others would never venture up there again, and looking back it does seem to be a strange thing to share with an already frightened child otherwise. But he seemed genuinely disturbed by the events I had conveyed to him.

He told me that years before I had went to the school there had been a tragedy there involving a twelve year old girl, one who he refused to name. She had a reputation for being difficult. The teachers tried their best, sympathising with her as she came from an abusive background, but they found her almost impossible to control, as she often threatened violence and had been suspended several times for fighting with other students.

One day she decided to skip a class and had managed to persuade two other girls to join her by promising them a cigarette each. So, as the story went, the girls sneaked away when the bell for class rang, and hid in the toilets. The details of what occurred afterwards were less than forthcoming, but what was clear was that the poor girl had a seizure of some kind and died there and then. The other girls claimed that they had already left before this happened, but there were rumours and accusations of which most only whispered, but many believed. It was suggested that the girl had been with her friends when the seizure took place, and out of fear of getting caught smoking and skipping class, they lifted their friend into the stall, closed the door over and then left her there. Whether they believed that she would perhaps recover or not was the subject of much speculation. The scratches and bashes on the inside of the cubicle suggested most definitely that she had continued to convulse while there, perhaps even in an uncoordinated attempt to escape and call out for help.

In the aftermath the building was closed off and the school and community attempted as best they could to put the tragedy behind them. Perhaps Mr McKay made the whole thing up just to terrify me, taking what I had thought I’d experienced and using it to concoct a story designed to scare me away from ever going back to that place.

Unfortunately, a few unwelcome things transpired after that. I did indeed avoid the roof of that sealed building at all costs. My fear of heights was nothing compared to the dread which that building then held for me. My schoolmates of course did not believe my version of things, accusing me of lying about the entire story just to avoid being made fun of. As far as they were concerned, I never got up there. Lastly, I did have a recurring dream throughout my childhood, one which I would wake from in a cold sweat, curled up in my bed, screaming. I know that in it I would be lying on that roof, peering down through the hole into that abandoned place, but the memory always seems vague somehow. All that is left is an impression, of a cubicle door creaking open, and something staring up at me from within.


While up late working at your computer, you see one of those disgusting, many-legged house centipedes skittering around on your floor, and resolve to kill it before it gets away. Wielding a rolled-up magazine, you chase the centipede under the bed; but as you stick your arm and head into the dark void beneath the bed skirts, you are seized with a sharp, sudden dread and quickly withdraw back into the brightly-lit room… only to discover that now, they are everywhere.

–

Tanya awoke to the sound of some talk show murmuring unintelligibly from the half-muted speakers of her alarm clock/radio, and reached across blearily to shut it off. It wasn’t until her hand brushed over a cold, clammy something resting on top of her nightstand that she remembered she was in a hotel room, and it didn’t have a radio.

–

Someone had told Jason that if he put a small animal in the microwave, it would explode, and Jason (having always been a little bastard) tested this claim on his older sister’s pet rabbit; however, though he watched for nearly an hour, all that happened was that the rabbit became more and more frantic in the enclosed space, until an exasperated Jason sullenly opened the little door to return the rabbit to its cage. Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately), no one had told Jason that you had to turn on the microwave to achieve this effect, or how deeply into a tiny, exposed wrist a pissed-off rabbit could bite.

–

Brandon stayed up until 3am playing on Xbox Live with his friend Dustin, both boys chatting, yelling, and provoking each other over their headsets the entire time. The next morning, when Brandon called to arrange a playdate, Dustin’s mother answered the phone and tearfully informed him that Dustin had died choking on a wad of bubble gum – at 9pm the previous night.

–

Suzie received a realistic, talking baby doll as a Christmas gift from her father that year. However, try as she might, the doll couldn’t fill the void left behind by the baby that Suzie’s father had killed and buried in the basement after discovering the seventeen-year-old’s unplanned pregnancy.

–

Over his car radio, Marcus heard the DJ announce that a serial killer with short blond hair and a skull tattooed on his right cheek had recently escaped from a nearby prison. He frowned and anxiously placed one hand on the pistol he kept at his hip, as the young woman in his passenger seat gazed at his profile with mounting terror and prepared to do God only knew what in her panic.

–

Don’t think of a pink elephant: it’s the oldest trick in the book, as soon as you read that phrase, a pink elephant immediately pops into your head. Now, don’t think of a sanity-devouring psychic parasite attached to the back of your mind like a shadow: what little time you have left will be more pleasantly spent forgetting that one of those just popped into your head, too.


I looked down at Juliet lying in my lap. Her quiet form was beyond angelic. It was a little early for her to be sleeping, but I just couldn’t bring myself to move her. My little angel, she had such a hard day. Not only was she sick earlier today, but her father walked out on us.

My husband just left. He packed his clothing and left. There was no preamble. There was no warning. He just walked out a hardened look on his face. Our marriage was strained at best. The conversations we carried rarely lasting more than a few brief moments, but the one thing we could agree on was our daughter. Juliet was the light of our lives.

I sat on the couch reminiscing about our dying marriage, while gently stroking her baby fine hair. I looked down at her. Her hair was the color of mahogany. The same color as her fathers. A tear escaped my eye, gently landing on her face. All the while thinking more and more on what I had failed at.

We were fighting all the time, until we finally snapped. The fight was as volatile as it could be without fists flying. I stormed off to my daughter’s room to comfort her crying. Giving her more Benadryl to help with her cough, I held her in my arms. She went to sleep her breathing slowed, and she was out.

Resting her head in my lap I sat there for hours, staring at the wall. How could my husband leave me? We were everything to each other. He will be back; I know this in every fiber of my being. I continued to stroke Juliet’s hair. My husband would be back, I keep repeating this internal mantra. Over and over, for what seemed like hours or days, I continued to repeat this.

This whole fight, everything, was all over him having another mistress. I was getting him back, one way or another. With no regard to anything that anyone would say or do, I would get my husband back, at no expense. He had no choice. I knew he would be back, he was mine. No one else could stake that claim to him, I would never allow it.

My daughter stirred in my lap, and looked up at me with sad eyes.

“He is not coming back, mommy.” Her voice like a thousand angels speaking at once, both comforted me and broke my heart. My perfect angel lay her head back down in my lap just as it was before.

The sound of banging on the house door registered to my mind, yet I could not focus on it. Still I continued to stroke my daughter’s hair. The footsteps racing down the hall still were ignored by my mind.

My angel lay still in my lap, the poor thing. The door to the room we were sitting in was busted down, and rushed by a group of men in swat gear. I couldn’t hear the screaming. Juliet’s words were still ringing in my ears.
“He is not coming back, mommy.”

The officers swarmed me. They took my baby from my lap. I know I screamed; I wanted my husband. Where was he? They took the empty bottle of Benadryl off of the night stand. They continued to yell at me, while gently placing my child into a black bag.

My poor baby, she had such a hard day. She was sick, her daddy left us. However, I know she is happy. As often happens with children her age, she was wrong. I know she was wrong. Her daddy does not love his mistress. He is mine.

My sweet angel, she had such a hard day. Tomorrow will be better; I know her daddy will come back. I continue to smile lovingly at her as the man zippers up the black bag she is in. Her daddy will be back. He is mine.


He came into town on a cold, dry wind
Kicking up dust and blowing sand
The sun dimmed for a moment that day
The howling wind seemed to say
“He has the look of a dangerous man”

His eyes were hot and black as ash
Glaring at those whom he passed
A gun at his hip and a hidden knife
Surely he ended countless lives
Whispers rose like the hiss of snakes
“It’s plain to see, anyone can
He must be a dangerous man”

Not a word he spoke as he came through town
His mouth twisted in a constant frown
His footsteps echoed in an empty street
The locals hide when he came around
They closed windows with a tinny creek
Trying to avoid the dangerous man

He checked the inn where he planned to stay
The keeper shivered from his gaze
The man paid up front and spoke no words
That betray the thoughts of a dangerous man

The locals gathered around and spoke in fear
The Sheriff ran to grab his gear
The Pastor called out to his god
They wailed and cried out for a plan

Save us from this dangerous man

A young man named Johnny held his girl
As she trembled and shook with fear
“If you are a man you’ll confront him dear
To save me from the dangerous man”

So he grabbed his knife and found the Inn
He snuck into a darkened room
And creeped to prepare his mortal sin

When the bed he had in sight
He stabbed the body 20 times
But when he turned on the light
It was not the dangerous man

He shook and screamed in his fright
He had killed a man without a fight
A crowd was coming, no room for flight
Fearing the law and the people’s might
He leapt from a dangerous height
His bones cracked, his blood ran out
And he died damning a dangerous man

The sheriff stood by the dead
And removed the hat from his head
“Two lives he has claimed today
How many more will he slay?
We must stand up before we lay
At the feet of a dangerous man”

A crowd gathered round to chant and cheer
With torches and knives they came right near
The old in, where it seemed too clear
That inside slept a dangerous man

The keeper cried as they threw the torch
He choked back a sob and tears

And watched it burn his life and home
“You must be wrong! I was alone
I couldn’t let him stay inside
Though it may hurt my pride
I simply fear a dangerous man”

A scream was heard from the Inn
The keeper shouted “it’s my wife!
“I thought she left, but she’s trapped inside!

If you don’t help her, I’ll end my life!
A victim of the dangerous man”

“Liar!” the people shouted
“You work for him, and let him go
Now you want us to burn and die
We will punish you for your lie”
They tied him up with ropes and chains
And threw him into the flames
He screamed out loud and long
As his flesh melted and turned black
chocking he let out his final words
“I am not a dangerous man”

Confusion grew in the street
They had burned the inn to dust
But nothing was gained from the bust
Someone must face the wrath
Of a people ready to fight

A man was picked, his job to greet
The stranger he was first to meet
They chained him to the rock hard ground
And beat him beneath their feet
Till all that’s left was a bloody mound

All for befriending the dangerous man

The sheriff too incurred their wrath
He had failed to halt the path
That caused the pain that occurred that day

“You did it too, I’m not to blame!”
He shouted out, but was ignored
Some stood by and fought to death
Cursing former friends with last breaths
The sheriff was cut up in bits
An hour he suffered beneath their knives
As he screamed and tried to fight

His head was posted on a spike
A warning to the dangerous man

But in their haste to fix the wrong
The people missed a problem that grew
The flame spread on a wind that blew
The smoke rose and blocked the sun
All the people tried to run
But they burned and chocked on smoke
Till they were dead, every one
Without the help of the dangerous man

A stranger stood, feet in blood
Which soaked right through skin and ash
Bodies lay on the ground
Mistakes that worked like a plan
He stared at what he found
With the black eyes of a dangerous man


The teacher strode across the front of the room, looking out at her class. “And so with the invention of Concordance 5 true peace finally enveloped the world,” she said with a serene smile. “For one hundred years we have lived without conflict. The dream of world peace that so many strove for before is ours.”

A young man in the front row frowned and raised a hand. “Can you truly define peace as the absence of conflict?” he asked. “If people are not allowed to disagree they are not at peace. They live in constant fear.”

She cocked her head, eyes narrowing. “And so you disagree with me then?”

The young man nodded automatically. “Yes,” he said, and then his eyes widened. “I mean, no, I–” The veins in his throat seemed to bulge and twist as his hands grasped at his neck. He sputtered for a few moments and then fell on his desk.

The teacher smiled gratefully at the class monitor as he removed the body from the chair. “Version 5 is ten times faster than version 4, leaving no time for argument, which is truly key,” she continued. There was a meaty thump outside the door but no on paid it any heed. The janitors would have everything cleaned up before the bell rang. And thus peace reigned over the classroom.


“We knew we were scouting for caves, but didn’t have an exact search location. The Sarge had us pair off and reconnoiter in all four directions. Bradley and Jones were the first ones to lose audio contact, although we could still track their movements on our grids.”

“Munch and Green were next to go. Same pattern, loss of audio, but still registering on the O-watch grid. Everyone seemed to be converging in one place. Charley and I then changed direction to meet them.”

The man in the chair was speaking quietly to his superior. He didn’t keep the fear from coloring his voice or causing it to quaver.

The Captain, himself, was conducting this interview with the Corporal. He wanted to hear first hand of how the death of five of his elite fighters came about. He studied the survivor across from him, letting the man talk freely.

“We were operating under the assumption they had found the caves, and they had. We followed their tracks inside. That’s when we realized we too, had lost audio contact.”

Corporal Bryce’s skin was as gray as the chair he sat perfectly upright in, a testament to his training. There was a glass of water and a pack of Marlboro Lights set in front of him, on the table. He had been given permission to smoke and so far had ignored the cigarettes, though the Captain knew he was a two pack a day man.

“Truth is, we weren’t prepared, sir. It would’ve been nice to know just what we were up against. Bravo company was nearly wiped out because higher brass didn’t give a shit about a buncha grunts. No offense sir, it’s just the reality!”

The Captain noted the bitterness in Bryce’s voice, but gestured for him to go on.

“No one told us these… creatures … were fast, and I swear Captain, I’d never been so afraid for my life as when I first saw one of those… things … hunting me and Charley.”

“It sucker punches you twice, when you recognize they were once human. The shock of it nearly got me killed. As it was, they took Charley, sir, just up and snatched him.”

Bryce was wearing a pair of protective eye gear, making it tougher for his superior to ‘read’ his face. Since being retrieved from the mountain, Bryce began suffering from photophobia. It had worsened quickly.

The docs, finding no reason for it, thought it might be psychosomatic. The trauma Bryce had gone through, whatever he had witnessed in that warren of caves, was too much for his brain to process, so he went ‘blind’.

Bryce’s rasp of a voice broke into the Captain’s thoughts as he started speaking again.

“I’m not ashamed to say it sir, but I ran then, loosing a hail of gunfire as I went. When I reached the mouth of the cave, I rolled out of the entrance, turned, knelt, and brought my scope up to look through the infra-red, primed to fire. One of those ‘things’ had been chasing me, but I couldn’t see it.”

The Captain could see Bryce was struggling with the memory. He waited patiently for Bryce to continue.

“I… I couldn’t see it, because it was clinging to the ceiling, Captain.”

Bryce stopped a moment to let the shock of that statement settle. He seemed to gather himself, squared his shoulders and continued on.

“That was when I began to hear it. It was soft at first, more a vibration you feel in your gut sir, you know? Rather than hear.”

The Captain had heard of some odd reports from other companies. Their scouts telling of hearing ‘music’ before they went missing. Bryce was the only one to come back, having experienced it.

“It was… haunting. Hunger and longing, promising you fulfillment.”

Bryce seemed to smile slightly, almost wistfully, before speaking again.

“It was torment, but so sweet it made you crave the caress of it in your mind. To want a consummation with it so deep it bleeds your humanity dry, turning you into a husk of need.”

Bryce spoke with such undisguised lust, that the Captain barely stopped himself from recoiling in disgust.

“It became everything I ever wanted, and was secretly wishing for.”

“It compelled me back into the cave, sir. I don’t know when I had pushed the panic button on the O-watch. Must’ve been on the roll-out. Glad I did though. Especially after I found what was left of Charley.”

Bryce hung his head in solemn remembrance of his friend.

He reached for the water and changed his mind, letting his arm drop back to his lap, after a moment his hoarse voice went on.

“I don’t remember much after that. Couldn’t tell you how I got the punctures in my leg. Doc said they were at the femoral artery too. If the Sarge hadn’t found me, I’d be a goner along with Charley and the rest.”

“Sarge said I was crumpled there, just barely outside the mouth of the cave, lying on a pile of rock, bleeding out. They found Charley and the rest further down in a strange dirt chamber.”

“Too late though, they were all corpses.”

Corporal Bryce stopped then and looked up at his Captain, his face wearing an unfathomable expression.

Bryce started to rapidly transform. His whole lower jaw unhinged, displaying razor sharp teeth. He reached up and ripped the eye gear off. His eyes, now blazing red orbs.

The Captain’s disbelieving brain was too slow in warning, as Bryce leaped across the table…

“Why don’t you join them?”


“It was not a physical fear, and it had not teeth or jaws or eyes burning with any common malice. It was perhaps not even an entity, but a raging mass of energy and aether and the warped and warping constructs of this reality that struck a deeper fear into my being than any corporeal concept ever could. It was observing me, and as its incomprehensible form grew and evolved before my petty senses, the manner in which it existed became something I will not soon forget.”

-Clarence Westford on Ezekiel entities, Studies and Experiences in the Westford-Redding Transdimensional Project, 1899

The following information was recovered from a structure labeled as “Kelly House” but referred to in journal entries as “Waterford Mitchell House” on 8 of June 1937. Of note is the fact that the journal appears to be covered in a viscous residue of some sort, which is of a similar consistency to the substance found on some walls and floors of the building. “Waterford Mitchell House” is a Victorian-style building in a state of advanced decay. Of particular interest is the fact that some areas of the structure do not match those described in the journal in any way. Much of the journal is burnt or otherwise illegible. Several terms completely unused in common English such as “pick-wheel” are prevalent throughout the journal, as well as a profession completely unheard of (“health physicist”). Further investigation is ongoing.
-Lead Detective John Walkers, East Swamp Investigations

Entry 14 | July 10 1898 | Clarence Westford

At this stage in my research, it is difficult to say where the project will be in three or four years, but I am relieved to say that Florence and I have the utmost of hopes for it. Though we have only just begun, spirits are high among my few but reliable employees and we seem to be gathering the needed resources faster than we ever thought possible.

The book is coming along well. I cannot wait for it to be finished and published for every scientific hobbyist and professional to see.

Even now, as I lean on the steel railing of this facility’s walkways, I know that I can look down into the empty storerooms and envision the useless but necessary byproducts of our work filling crates upon crates for hundreds of square metres. Thoughts such as these give me strength, or so I would like to think.

It is already half past eight, and I am exhausted from a long day of installing the Darian Clocks in level four. I will continue this documentation in the morning.

Entry 15 | July 11 1898 | Clarence Westford

Florence is off to work on the lower levels today, which leaves me to tend to the west hallway. We are beginning to see breakthroughs in the walls, of a sort. The paint is now peeling off, though Waterford Mitchell House is not a particularly old building. The breakthroughs make me nervous in a manner I cannot easily describe, but I know and Florence knows that we are safe and our unease can be entirely attributed to the lighting of this dreadful place. Electrics are desperately needed. I shall have to look into a budget plan to fund such an installment, as most of our financial resources are spent. I am blessed to have inherited this House from my uncle and aunt, and I can only hope that they would be proud to see what I have made out of it.

I am off to find my father’s old lantern and pick-wheel. I’d like to hope I can put my mind at ease with a little lighting and precise measurement. The walls will have to be held back for now. Our research is far more important than whatever may be pushing from the other side.

Entry 16 | August 15 1899 | Clarence Westford

By God, I have found it. To think that this journal was lost for over a year only to have been sitting on a stool the entire time!

The book is finished and awaiting the final chapter on results. Florence and I are tired, as are our workers, but we are all eagerly awaiting the first controlled breach. I currently stand in front of our device in the lower levels, and I feel its incomprehensible pull. My skin is overwrought with the strangest of sensations; it is not unlike an electric shock, but there is so much more to it than that. This is why I must not step closer, as the device is not even activated and still it is affecting me.

Entry 17 | August 20 1899 | Florence Westford

So this is where Clarence has been keeping his musings. I’d like to think I could share it with him.

Clarence was eager to activate our device earlier, but I luckily convinced him otherwise. The connections are not secure enough at this point. Even now, I am getting measurements of anywhere from 4.5 to 10.4 microsieverts per hour at twenty metres from the epicenter of the device. This is not safe for us. I will be contacting our health physicist if this persists. The amounts of Vincent’s isotopes we used should not be outputting such a high dose.

The only potential positive aspect of these effects is twofold: it may mean that we are close to a controlled breach, or it may mean that the planes are aligned on one or more axes. Both prospects are highly promising.

Entry 18 | August 23 1899 | Florence Westford

For the sake of our historical documentation, I will hesitantly admit that I witnessed an event that was both unnerving and truly inexplicable. I will describe it as best I can, but I am shaken, and so is Clarence. We have not left our bedchambers for well over twelve hours. It began when

Entry 19 | August 24 1899 | Florence Westford

I apologize to whatever historian had to witness the tomfoolery and childishness of the previous page. We and our employees do believe that a breach was made sometime between August 20 and 23, though we do not have the grounds to say exactly when.

I sensed a presence that I believe was an Ezekiel entity from the overlapping plane(s). I did not want it to witness me, and thus I stopped writing as soon as possible.

I believe it has passed by. We should be safe to go into the hall. The lights are on everywhere except the west hallway, so I have nothing visual to fear.

My concern is of how these entities will be perceived. I sometimes fear that lights will not ease my shaking when it is perhaps not darkness I should be avoiding.

Entry 20 | August 26 1899 | Clarence Westford

Florence is missing. I have been weeping all day. I do not know where to find her. Vincent and Sol do not know where she went.

I trust my workers. It is not them I suspect of taking her. I fear that she was not made to disappear by any of us.

I am off to check the machine for tampering and for any sign of Florence’s presence. I know God is with me.

Entry 22 | August 30 1899 | Vincent Redding

We are all searching for Florence. We have been for days.

I am not sure it is necessary to pass this one journal around between us. I can only guess that it happens because one person will leave it in some obscure spot and another will find it at random. I found it after it was in the possession of Clarence, or so I judge from the last entry.

I shall have to watch this journal for entries from Florence. The sciences we are tampering with do not know the same boundaries we know. I suspect that if something of an anomalous nature did indeed happen to Florence, as we all speculate, she might very well be standing beside me on one of the adjacent planes. She may have access to this journal if it exists in her reality as well.

This may be foolish. I am just a health physicist, and these topics are not my field of expertise. I need to go check the eastern pipes for leakage and reprogram the dosimeters. However, that’s assuming I can find all the employees. I see them on occasion, but in the vastness of this House’s underground networks (some of which I have always thought to be unsettlingly unused) it is sometimes futile. We need radios. I shall make a note here to contact the Tesla Company for an order.

I will state for the record that I am leaving this journal on the iron grate over the west compactor’s entry tunnel. If the next person to write does not find it there, I believe we may then have reason to suspect something is amiss.

Entry 23 | September 15 1899 | Vivian E.

The previous entry mentioned a location (the grate above the compactor) and I will state for the record that this was found in the west hallway. I found this most peculiar, as the west hallway is unlit and useless.

In any case, this statement is purely for recordkeeping. I shall try to find one of my superiors and inform them of the mishap.

Entry 24 | September 19 1899 | Florence Westford

Finally, I have found the journal. It is very difficult to see through the fog, and when my foot stumbled upon it, I was shaken with relief.

I have told the Ezekiel entities that they may not touch me. My mother’s words resonate strongly with me as I write this. I have control over my reality. They may not affect me. I will not let them.

I must return home.

Entry 24 | September 19 1899 | Clarence Westford

This page is dirtied and I must press even harder into it with my pencil. It is as if words have been written and erased several times over.

I still have not found Florence. I break down periodically. Vincent comforts me, but he is often in areas of the facility one should not linger in for too long to begin with.

I am growing ever more nervous about the western hallway. There are breakthroughs at multiple parts of the wall. Black slime is oozing. Black oils from the machinery below. It is both unsanitary and concerning. I attempt to peer into the spots of decay, as they seem multilayered, but it is always futile. I find only a blackness staring back at me that haunts my mind if I gaze into it for too long. I know it is only an effect of the low lighting and current events, but I cannot shake the uncanny sensations that overtake me as soon as I turn my back to those dreadful rotting patches.

I cannot see clearly anymore. I feel strange. I will try to describe it for future scientists and historians who read this and document our project, but it will be difficult. I feel as though I have not quite woken from a dream. I can see clearly and the world is well-lit, but it is as if the light is imposed over a black darkness. Contrast is too high. I feel as though, if I make myself fearful enough, I can pull back a layer of this world and gaze upon the unsightly and incomprehensible horrors of the next. I feel as though I am being watched, but I do not turn around because I know that the watcher is not visible to me. This comforts me. It cannot physically affect me, or so I would like to believe.

What am I saying? This is madness. I am driven crazy by my loss of Florence. I long to feel her warmth around me once more. I weep for hours at night. I pray to God that He please bring her back to me. At times I will imagine her hand, caressing me. This is unexpectedly distressing, as I know she is not there.

Victor is spending the night in my room. I cannot sleep alone anymore. He will sit by my bed and watch the doorway.

Entry 25 | September 19 1899 | Florence Westford

My tears do not fall on Clarence’s body, though they fall toward it. They are falling through it. I cannot wake him up. I am not there, and the fog is thick.

I will not let this world take me. I do not belong in it. Its inhabitants know this. They are patient with me because they know I am trying to get out. I must find some way to latch onto an object of the plane in which I belong.

The machine has been on this entire time. I went downstairs and saw it. Vincent’s counters were missing, or perhaps they were never there. I fear that I may be ill with radiation poisoning because of this. I remind myself that I am sick with fear as well, and I may be able to attribute all of my conditions to fear alone. Only time will tell.

Entry 25 | September 19 1899 | Vincent Redding

This journal was found in the main room housing the device. I do not even want to estimate the dose I received just running in to grab it.

I will know who put it there when both of us fall ill. This is why I risked my heath. I am determined to get to the bottom of this nonsensical madness. I will hopefully survive. I have had radiation sickness before, and my lifetime experimenting with hormesis should benefit me greatly.

I fear for whomever placed the journal here, however. He or she may not be as fortunate as I.

I am off to the common room. I hope I can find someone there.

Entry 26 | September 20 1899 | Clarence Westford

Florence came to me in my sleep. In my dream. My father has long told me that dreaming is a bridge between parallel planes in some cases. I was always too skeptical. Now, however, I am beginning to think that the dream was an instruction, from God or otherwise.

I suspect that I am either desperate or enlightened, and both notions are equally terrifying.

At this point, most of the journal is destroyed. The next legible page is written several weeks after the last.

Entry 77 | November 10 1899 | Florence Westford

I have had a revelation, and the fog is clearing.

I can see the others, and I can walk through them. This is an illusion. My physical properties have not been altered, and this logical conclusion is how I convinced myself that I am not dead. It was not easy, but I am and have always been a woman of science. Clarence’s faith in me has given me strength.

I have theorized that my view of a different plane is one-sided because this plane’s device is activated and the original plane’s is not. If they are both activated, the connection will establish.

I have mapped out the cycles based on Tesla’s theory of spatial regression. This version of our world is overlapped exactly with the other at this time. It will only happen again at the next turn of the century. I cannot live that long and I will not allow Clarence to die without me.

The overlap is coming to an end. I must hurry.

Entry 78 | November 17 1899 | Florence Westford

I now hesitate, though with great pain, to carry out my original plan.

The Ezekiel entities in this plane are growing impatient with my presence. I see their misshapen forms watching me from behind the walls. They know that I do not fear them. They know I force myself not to fear them. I must not fear the unknown. That does not change my natural reaction to being watched by unknown beings; I feel my skin grow colder with each timeless day and night.

I am in the center of the greatest conflict of my life, and it is a conflict so burning, so aching that it trumps even that of when my father told me to choose between him and my mother.

If I somehow communicate with the others and instruct them to activate their machine, that will bridge the gap between planes for two minutes. I have calculated it after some great toil and I am certain of it. If the gap is bridged, I will be fully manifested in the others’ reality, but so will the Ezekiel entities.

The only place in this House I know to be stationary and in the same location in both planes is the central device. It is thus the most logical place for me to stand when the connection is made. However, I would receive a lethal dose of radiation from the device if I did so.

There is an abhorrent amount of conflicting information involved with this entire event.

Reluctantly, I look to God for guidance. I look to whomever or whatever is orchestrating this mad universe, no matter their name. I do not want to be eternally and perpetually trapped in this fog world. I will lose my mind, and I know not where my soul will go after my mind is gone.

But I cannot leave Clarence alone. I love him and he loves me. I want so badly to believe that love is not constricted by physics, but science is proving me wrong.

Entry 79 | November 19 1899 | Clarence Westford

I am driven mad by the ever-present watching and stalking of these Ezekiel entities. I scream at them. They are always following me. I find myself conjuring up fantastical visions of what they may look like. I am terrified of the results. I wish I had not thought so much on it. Part of me wonders if these entities draw their energy from me, but I silence the idea with reason and logic.

The idea persists every day regardless of this. I fear that I know not enough about this science to definitively say whether or not the concept is sound.

All I know is that I turn around to see dark figures peering from out of walls and around corners. It petrifies me to think that the entities I fear are not bound by my standards of spatiality. I have no means of prevention of interaction, no means of confinement and containment.

Time is running out, and I feel a growing dread that is directly proportional to the ever-increasing darkness of the hallways.

Entry 80 | December 1 1899 | Vincent Redding

I am dying. My hair is gone. I am not afraid of the radiation’s effects. I have accepted my fate and the medication numbs the pain. It is not that I am worried about, but rather the work of Clarence and Florence.

I have always been skeptical of these concepts, but I cannot deny that the halls are becoming clouded and dark. I have seen the indescribable presence of the Ezekiel entities and I now know them to be real. They let me alone for the most part. The strange thing about it all is that they’re not after me. They’re not after anyone, I have come to think, but I am terrified nonetheless.

I have noticed the geometry of the building and the structures below bending and warping incomprehensibly. I have found a ball bearing that twists and bends past the three-dimensional standards we know as it sits in my hand. I cannot describe it, other than that it gives me a headache and I am afraid to hold it without protection.

I wish I could get out of here, but I know I am too weak to move more than a few metres. Beyond that, the door must be long gone at this point.

I am going to sleep, and I do not expect to wake up. It is comforting to know that I died doing my life’s work, but it is unsettling to think about where I will be when my body is obsolete.

The following entry is the next and last legible entry in the journal. It is unknown who wrote it, as the header text is burned to the point of unreadability, but it is assumed from the context of the statements that Clarence Westford was the writer.

This slime is covering everything. It is on my hands. It burns and itches and aches. I believe it is simply oil from the machinery in these lower levels. My only concern is which part may be leaking.

I have found Florence. Her eyes are faded and white but she is alive and she can speak. She will need psychological healing. She has told me of things I have only seen in nightmares.

This project has destroyed the House. I can only hope that someone with knowledge of these topics knows how to control the results of the device and the experiments altogether once we are gone.

I threw the switch of the device in great haste. I know not why I did it. I barely remember doing it, if I did it at all. The past weeks have been a blur to me, and I suspect to Florence as well.

I write this in a last hope to document this project in whatever way possible. I have tampered with concepts and forces that mankind cannot yet comprehend, and as I lay with Florence awaiting our certain death at the hands of unreality, I can only apologize to God for what this project has become.

Something is approaching me in the dark, and I can only hope that my love for Florence will carry me on to the next world.

East Swamp Investigations has thus far found nothing of any significant and/or immediate danger within Kelly House. The number of floors present in Kelly House, including the basement, is significantly lower than the journal entries’ writers claim. The existence of any ‘machine’ such as that described in the journal entries has not been confirmed and none of the mentioned machinery has been sighted.


When I think back on my life so far I find that one of the things I can’t stop thinking about, no matter how hard I try, is MagikTrick.

Right off the bat I should say that I have no answers here. What I’m about to tell you is a true story and all I can say is what I know. And in the end I never did find out much about what was going on here or what exactly I’d stumbled upon. There are maybe people out there who can tell you more than I can. But this, right here, is the story of my experience, told as best as I can remember it.

I first found out about MagikTrick thanks to a friend of mine. Sophie was one of those people who could spend literally HOURS on YouTube, not even looking for or at anything in particular, just browsing through whatever random clips caught her eye and seemed funny or interesting to her. From what she told me, she’d been trying to find a clip of that scene from ‘The Dark Knight’ with the Joker and the pencil when she first found this channel.

The users name was MagikTrick and there was only one video on their account, one that was simply titled ‘Do u want to see a Magik Trick?’

Sophie had been curious and she’d clicked on it. This is a description of the video that she showed me later that day when she came ‘round to my house.

The video starts with about six seconds or so of lousy quality footage of a man, naked apart from a pair of boxers, sat on a wooden chair. He’s in a red room and when I say that this room is red I mean the walls, the floor and what can be seen of the ceiling are ALL the same shade of red. He just sits there, doing not much at all and then the screen cuts to black.

The words ‘Do u want to see a Magik Trick?’ flash up on the screen. Footage of a dog sitting beside the now empty wooden chair appears here, panting heavily. The dog looks to be a Pitbull or something like that.

The screen cuts to black again and the word ‘Abracadabra’ appears against the black background.

When it cuts back to the room the man’s body is still sat in the chair.

His head and hands have been cut off. Where his hands were there are now the dog’s paws. And the dogs head has been attached to his neck crudely. This is where the video ends.

I had no idea what to make of this. I didn’t know if I’d just seen an art student’s lousy film project or if Sophie had just shown me a snuff film.

I asked her where the hell she’d found this and she told me about how she’d stumbled across it. I told her she should get in touch with YouTube and tell them to take that shit down or at least look into it. The shot of that stitched together corpse had looked far too real.

I tried to put it out of my mind and didn’t think much about it until a few weeks later. Sophie told me that MagikTrick was ‘Back’ and explained that the account had been taken down a couple of days after she’d shown me that video. But here they were, back with a new account and a new video posted on it. I can’t say I had any desire to watch it but Sophie promised me that this one wasn’t gory in the least.

I reluctantly agreed to check this one out and so I sat down to check out what MagikTrick had posted this time. The video was called ‘Now u see him’

It was footage that looked like it had been filmed on a pretty cheap handheld camera. The cameraman or woman was never in shot and seemed to be focused on a man walking down a crowded street.

The man wasn’t anything special, just some blonde guy in a T shirt and jeans. The person behind the camera followed them along, sticking pretty close behind them.

The footage went on like this for about a minute and I started to get bored. Was this just something some stalker had posted?

When it was nearly at the two minute mark the screen went to black and the words ‘Now u see him’ appeared before cutting back to footage of the guy in the T shirt being filmed walking down a long alleyway and then simply….not being there anymore.

He didn’t fall or dart off to the side and there were no flashy special effects. One minute he was there in front of the camera and the next he was simply gone. I hate to use a cliché but the phrase ‘Vanished into thin air’ is the only way I can think of to describe what I saw. The person holding the camera swung it side to side to show and up and down to show that the man was nowhere to be found.

The screen cut to black once more and the words ‘Now u don’t’ appeared. And that was it.

I told Sophie that it was just done with some kind of technical wizardry.
They’d taken the guy out after filming, something any teenager with a decent knowledge of computers and video editing software could probably pull off. In a way I was relieved. This wasn’t some sicko posting snuff movies; it was just some bored guy somewhere uploading weird stuff on the internet to creep people out.

Sophie seemed almost disappointed when I told her how easy it was to throw something like this together. I think she genuinely wanted it to be real, to have found something sinister.

So it probably shouldn’t have surprised me a month later when she demanded I come and see what she and her girlfriend had found.

I found out that once again MagikTrick had been taken off YouTube and once again they’d popped back up. I told her that I really wasn’t interested in looking at another stupid video but she and her girlfriend Helen insisted that I had to see this, that it was the most messed up thing they’d ever seen. That didn’t exactly win me over but I didn’t want to argue with them over nothing so

I agreed to give this thing a look.

This new video was called ‘Presto Change-O’ and right from the start it was different than the previous two. It began with footage of what looked like a theatre stage and there was a woman stood in the middle of it. She was dressed in a black tuxedo, with a featureless white latex mask over her face and white gloves.

Text appeared on the screen. It’s funny how I can remember it so clearly.

It read

‘What a great crowd we have here tonight

Now

For my next trick

I will require a lovely volunteer from our audience’

The woman pointed at an empty seat in the front row of this theatre.

‘Would this lovely young creature please take to the stage?’

In an instant there was a woman sat in the chair beside the woman in the white mask. She was dressed up like a magician’s glamorous assistant…a sparkly red and black number with fishnets and make up plastered on her face. The makeup was applied far too thickly and her mascara was running. She was tied to the chair and despite there being no sound it was clear that she was sobbing.

The words ‘Let’s give her a hand folks’ appeared.

The screen flickered and suddenly the scene was of the girl in one of those boxes you see in that trick where the magician cuts his or her assistant in half.

I didn’t like where this was going.

As the woman in the white mask watched on, a buzz saw began to descend from above. The box was shaking violently and the girl in the box’s head was jerking side to side, making it clear that she was struggling quite violently.

As I watched, the saw blade came down and began slowly cutting into the box as it shook more and more violently, as the camera zoomed in closer and closer to the girls face.

In the end the screen was dominated by a close up of the girls’ eyes.

The screen cut to black and the words ‘Presto Change-O’ appeared. It cut back to a shot of a series of boxes. Each box had a painting of a human limb on it, one box had an arm painted on top of it, and another box had a hand, a foot, a leg.

The word ‘Alakazam’ was displayed. And the next shot was of the girl’s body.

It had been cut to pieces and reassembled, with no real surgical skill from the looks of it. Her head was now sown to the end of one leg, while one of her feet now was attached to a wrist. An arm had been attached to her neck stump while in place of her left arm there was now a leg.

The body was on screen for perhaps ten seconds and then the screen briefly cut to black. When the picture returned the stage was empty save for the woman in the white mask. From somewhere, there was the sound of applause or a recording of applause and she took a bow. The video ended.

I felt physically sick. But it turned out that the video hadn’t been all that Sophie and Helen had wanted me to see.

This video was different from the previous two in another way. This video had a link in the video description and like an idiot; Sophie had actually clicked on it.

But it didn’t lead to anything dodgy or to a site infested with viruses. In fact what it leads to was neither disturbing nor dangerous but just…baffling.

It was a web site that looked like little work had gone into putting it together. It was a black background with a childlike drawing of a frowning face, like the kind of thing that a kid in kindergarten would draw. And beneath it were written the words ‘Better Films’

And beneath that, in smaller text ‘For a Better Audience’

And the rest of the text on the webpage was all in what looked like Japanese.

The only other words in English were
‘Donate’

‘Our Titles’ and ‘Auditions’

Sophie had apparently had no luck clicking the  buttons for ‘Donate’ or ‘Our Titles’ but when she’d pressed the ‘Auditions’ button it had led her to another webpage. This one was just an address, for some place a good few miles away. And she and Helen wanted me to check it out with them to see what was there.

I told them in no uncertain terms that was NOT going to happen. Sophie insisted that it was all fake and that this was probably some kind of marketing stunt or game. Some kind of online scavenger hunt, just some weird creepy bit of fun that someone had cooked up to promote a new horror movie or something. That it would be a laugh.

I told her that I wanted nothing to do with any of this anymore and that if she and Helen wanted to go play Nancy Drew that was up to them. But I told them I had a bad feeling about this whole thing and that they’d be better off forgetting all about it.

It will probably come as no surprise that they did the exact opposite.

I got a phone call from Sophie about a week later, sounding like she was in hysterics. I asked her where she was and she gave me the address for some crappy motel where she and Helen were apparently staying at right now. I headed over there, not sure WHAT I would find or what the hell had happened.

It turned out that Helen and Sophie had done just about the stupidest thing they possibly could. They’d gone to that address. You know when you’re watching a horror movie and you’re screaming at the screen for those idiots to just RUN and not make the obviously horrible decision they’re making?

Imagine having people like that as friends and you’ll maybe see why this latest bit of stupid from these two didn’t surprise me.

Maybe I’m being overly harsh but when I think back on this I still get so damn angry. They could have been killed or god knows what else. As it was the two of them were white as sheets and looked utterly terrified.

They said it was an old house, front lawn overgrown with weeds and grass at the end of some dull little slice of suburbia. The door hadn’t been locked and they’d gone inside. I listened to their story as I scrolled through the pictures they’d snapped of this place.

The inside of it had no carpeting, all of it having seemingly been torn up.
The walls were filthy and there was a horrible smell filling the house they said, which they soon learned was coming from the kitchen. Filthy pots, pans and plates were literally everywhere and some still had half eaten, rotting lumps of food on them, mould overrunning most of the cups and glasses.

The living room had been just a grim. I saw pictures of a couch covered in a variety of unpleasant looking stains, filth and grime covering the old wood floorboards. Across the wall someone had scrawled ‘For a Better Audience’ and beneath that was an old TV set with the screen kicked in. A bunch of tapes were all over the place and they’d snapped pics of those too.

They looked like tapes of a TV show I guess, something called Sunshine Street.

They’d gone upstairs and the weird factor had gone right off the charts.

The first bedroom they’d come across had been like something a mental patient would call home. No mattress on the bed, just a rusty old wire bedframe with a couple of pillows tossed on it and what looked like hooks dangling from the ceiling.

Big, thick rusty hooks with what they were pretty damn sure was dried blood on them. And what looked like a pool of it beneath that wire frame bed.

But the walls were what really made me shiver. Someone had written ‘For a Better Audience’ on them. All four of them. The same words repeated over and over again, rows upon rows of text with the same four words repeated again and again. Sometimes big, sometimes small, sometimes with no gaps in-between them.

The next room they’d tried had looked like it might have belonged to a kid at first. Bright, cartoony wallpaper and a few scattered and broken toys on the floor. Helen said she’d picked up a Barbie she’d found lying on the ground only to drop it pretty quickly when she turned it over and found out that its entire front was covered in thick, old blood. Holes had been punched where the eyes should be.

That big cartoony frowning face had been painted on the wall. The words ‘For a Better Audience’ were written underneath it again.

But that wasn’t what made them turn and run. What had made them turn and run was when they’d come to the third room. When they’d pushed open the door and felt an awful stench hit them. When they’d recognised it as the red room from MagikTrick’s first video. When they’d realised the source.

It wasn’t paint on the walls, floor and ceiling.

They ran and didn’t stop running until they were in the car and breaking every single speed limit to get as far away from that house as they possibly could.

They didn’t have any pictures of the red room so I only have their word for that last part. But the way they looked when they told me about it, I don’t think they were lying. And the fact that they were with me when we filed a police report about the whole thing makes me think that they weren’t making the rest up, either.

Of course I could be wrong. The whole thing could be an elaborate practical joke. Their little attempt to scare me.

I’d certainly find it a lot more comforting to think that it was that they made up MagikTrick, that it was just them and a few friends trying to give me a good fright. If it was, they certainly succeeded.

I tried googling Better Films once or twice and got nothing back that seemed relevant. When I tried to go back on the site it was gone. I just got an error message. I’ve never been able to find any movies made by ‘Better Films’ though from what I’ve seen they probably don’t make the kind of films that play at the local cinema.

None of us felt like playing detective here after this, not even the pair of idiots I have for friends. What they’d seen had put them off delving any deeper down this rabbit hole and I am deeply thankful for that.

The police never contacted us to ask any follow up questions and I’ve never tried to talk to them about it so I have no idea if that house was real, what they might have found there or what happened next.

If any of you feel like looking further into this I can’t stop you. Hell, this might have encouraged some of you and if that’s the case I’m sorry for that.

Because having seen the look on Sophie and Helen’s faces in that motel room and looked at some of the photos they took in this place I’ve got to say, when it comes to whatever this is?

I think ignorance is bliss.


It was coming up on Thanksgiving and I wanted to go to my parents house. They lived in Albuquerque, New Mexico, whereas I had moved to Denver,Colorado for college. I had been meaning to visit them for some time, so it seemed the perfect opportunity. My suburban wasn’t the most fuel efficient car, but it was hardy, and it had taken me to various other destinations faithfully for three years, so I trusted it.  It was a two-three day drive, so I packed a lot of snacks, just in case.

When I set off, it was early morning. I knew that if I wanted to get there in a timely fashion, I would have to drive at a steady speed and have a fast route. This meant as few detours as possible unless absolutely necessary. I, unlike many people, have no issue with back roads. They were just roads which people didn’t use very often, but were just as valid as others.

The first few hours of driving were perfect. The sky was clear and blue, and there was just the right amount of traffic so that I didn’t feel lonely, but the highway didn’t feel crowded. There was a good dispersment of gas stations and rest stops. I stopped a two times to get snacks and to go to the bathroom. The day went well, but as night fell, things starting going wrong.

After awhile, my route had me go onto a back road that looked like it hadn’t seen a car since the invention of TV. It was getting dark but I could still make out the road well enough.  It was completely overgrown, with saplings and bushes growing in the road. There were tall, dark oak trees lining the street, darkening it and shedding black, dead leaves by the side of the road. A light mist hugged the ground, swirling softly as the car passed. I had some misgivings about this route, but the GPS said that it cut two hours off my trip, so I went with it. But just in case, I turned on the radio to calm myself down. The only station I could find was some country music station.

As I progressed further along the road, I noticed some odd things along the side of the road. The first thing I saw was a pile of what at first looked liked garbage. As I got closer, I saw it was a bundle of dirty, ratty clothes, empty cans, slopping over with some unknown rotting fluid, and some fleshy mounds. I can’t say for certain, but I thought that I saw something underneath them move as I drove past.

As night fell, the mist grew thicker, and some darkly ominous clouds rolled in. I worried slightly about rain, but It never came. The clouds just hovered, darkening my path even further. My radio suddenly began to cut out, changing rapidly from static to this really faint station that I didn’t recognize. It had what sounded like chanting and shrieking. I quickly turned it off, my heart thumping in my ears. Without the music to distract me from my surroundings, I began noticing more odd things on the sides of the road.

I passed heaps of garbage that looked like they had been there for centuries. They were covered with what looked like a black goo. There were overgrown offshoots of the road that no doubt led to long abandoned farmsteads. On one of these, there were objects swinging from the trees that lined the entrance. I told myself that they were just oddly shaped hanging vines, or a trick of the light. They couldn’t be bodies.

There was the rotted out carcass of an old wooden church,  just off to one side of the road. The roof had collapsed, most of the remaining walls had at least a quarter of the boards missing. It was covered in vines and overgrowth. Through the gaping hole that used to be the doors, I saw that the pews were strewn around wildly like some great force had come through and swept them aside in a fit of violence. There were also piles in front of it that trailed partially onto the road. I slowed down and drove carefully around them. I couldn’t tell what they were but it didn’t seem very good.

At this point, I was thoroughly creeped out and I was seriously considering turning around and leaving, shortcut or not, when I saw that there was a massive downed tree lying across the road. I consulted the GPS, which told me that there was a side-route about half a mile back that would connect back with the road after a while. I thought it over for a while, then decided that I would try it out. I thought “ Hey, what’s the worst that could happen?” If the road got too bad, I could just turn around.

It took me awhile to find it, seeing as it was so overgrown, I don’t even think it could be called a road. There was knee high grass all over the narrow road and years of nonuse had erased any tracks or ruts that may once have been. It was pretty narrow, with enough room for one car and then two ditches on either side of the road. Luckily, there weren’t too many bushes, so it was easy enough to drive on. Off to the sides of the road were what I assumed to be remnants of what used to be civilization. There were piles of decayed planks of wood. There were also quite a few rusted out hulks of old cars. Some of them looked like they had been abandoned by the side of the road, like their owners had just pulled over, gotten out and left. Other, less rusted cars looked like they had been in high speed accidents. These were bent around trees, smashed into other rusted skeletons, or just lay totalled in the slight ditch by the side of the road. There was one noticeable car that stood out because it had flipped onto its nose against a tree, so that the roof was parallel with the tree trunk.

Throughout the period where I was observing these, there was movement out in the forest. The mist obscured my view more than two feet into the forest, but I could make out shapes that swirled the mist. Whenever I thought I might make out a feature, it would dart back into the mist, leaving with nothing but swirling mist and a cold, sinking feeling in my abdomen.

Eventually, I decided to turn back. The road was getting progressively worse, my GPS was showing nothing but forest now, and I was beyond tired. The sides of the road were almost completely blocked by forest, so I drove forward, looking for a place to turn around.After about a mile, I reached what looked like a town, although I don’t think anyone had lived there for at least a century. There were a few building on either side of the road. All of them were overgrown to the point where I could barely tell what they might have been.There was a section of two or three buildings that were just burnt carcasses. The house next to these was in extremely good shape. It was still overgrown, but it looked almost entirely intact. I am a very curious person, I always have been, so this was an opportunity I couldn’t miss. I decided to investigate, despite a nagging feeling of fright.

I pulled over to the side of the road and got out. I walked around to the trunk and grabbed my flashlight. As I walked toward the building, I realized that it was in even better shape that I had thought. The boards were barely rotted, and all of the windows were intact. I walked up to the door and put my hand out to open the door when a wave of apprehension and fear washed over me. I jerked my hand back and stumbled backwards a step. I decided to leave as quickly as I could and started walking to my car.

As I walked towards my car, I glanced over at the passenger’s side window and froze. In the reflection of the window, I saw my own reflection and, behind me on the porch of the house, a tall, pale figure. It had long, hollow eye sockets and its mouth was stretched in an eternal scream, with massive crooked teeth sticking out of this void. I stood there for what seemed like eternity, frozen in place. Then it dashed towards me and the spell was broken. I sprinted to the car, ripped open the passenger’s side door, dove in, and slammed it shut.

The thing rushed towards my car as I scrambled backwards into the driver’s seat. It reached my car and began clawing at the doors with what I assumed were claws. It shrieked in an unearthly howl, louder than I thought physically possible. I clapped my hands over my ears and managed to get into the driver’s seat. I fumbled with my keys and then got the car started. As it rumbled to life, the creature stepped back and shrieked even louder. A chorus of disjointed screams erupted from the surrounding forest and town. As I changed gears, I saw more of those things sprinting out of other buildings and out of the blanket of mist that surrounded me.

I jammed the gas pedal to the ground and my car jumped forward speedily. I quickly spun around and saw more of those things rushing from the building. A few of them reached the car and began gouging it, making a hellacious combination of their shrieks and the screeching of their claws on the metal of my car. I began speeding down the road, frantically trying to push the gas pedal down more, despite the fact that it was already floored. I looked down the road, seeing more of the creatures rushing down the road out of the mist.

After this, it gets a little fuzzy. My memories from this point on are like sparse beams of light in dark room.   The next thing I remember is passing the car that was flipped into the tree. The front of my car was severely dented, and there was a black ooze all over the hood. My windshield was splattered with it as well and my heart was beating a thousand times a minute. I was covered with sweat, and I was panting, yes panting, for air. I could hear shrieks from not too far behind and I still had the pedal floored. The speedometer said that I was going 90 mph. I looked out the passenger’s side window and saw one of the creatures gliding alongside me. Then my memory stops again

The next thing I remember is driving full throttle around the turn and going up on one wheel and almost flipping over before managing to steady myself. I raced down the road, listening for any sign of the creatures. There were a few far off shrieks, but nothing close by. My pulse was pounding and I was drenched in sweat. I noticed in my peripheral vision two things. One, that the mist had cleared and two, that I was nearing the rotted church. As I sped towards it, time seemed to slow down. My eyes widened in horror as I came to a realization that I had forgotten the piles in the road. My foot slammed onto the brakes, but too late. I slammed into a clump of them and I was thrown forward into my airbag. As I fell into the pit of unconsciousness, the shrieks of the creatures followed me.

When I awoke some time later, the first thing I noticed was that it was light out. My head throbbed and I was covered with scratches. My body felt like it had been through an industrial wood chipper. I sat up slowly, groaning in pain, and saw that I was lying on the pavement surrounded by millions of shards of glass that used to be my windshield. I looked over and saw the smoking wreck that used to be my car. It looked like when it crashed I had been thrown out of the window. It was a miracle that I had survived

I got up and limped slowly over to my car. From the outside, the claws marks were even worse than I thought. There were three parallel lines that stretched for about three feet down and across. They were about three inches deep and many of them just slightly pierced through the door. I shuddered, realizing how close I had come to death.

I looked around me, wondering how to proceed. I was in the middle of the woods on an abandoned road with no car, injured, no shelter, and possibly being hunted by those creatures. I thought about it for a while and then started walking down the road back towards the highway. It was quite a ways away, probably about a day and a half walk, but I knew it was my only chance.

After hours of walking, my legs were nearly numb. I was dehydrated and hungry, and it seemed like salvation was still miles away. I stopped off the side of the road and collapsed onto an old rotted trunk. I leaned back against a tree and closed my eyes, wiping sweat off my feverish brow. I breathed a sigh and settled back into the tree and letting my thoughts wander.

I awoke with a start, my heart racing. I shot up, noticing that it was nighttime once more. The temperature had dropped twenty degrees. I cursed myself for falling asleep and trudged back onto the road. The stars provided a dim lighting and I had begun walking again when I heard it. It was the far off shriek of one of the creatures. My eyes widened and I stood completely still, trying to pinpoint its location. The next shriek I heard was louder and it came from the direction of my car, down the road.

I turned and sprinted in the other direction, adrenaline flooding my system. A dense fog soon materialised around me, limiting my vision to about ten feet around me. Occasionally, I would hear shrieks from behind me getting louder and louder each time. I could hear more screams coming from behind me. I was slowing down, which was something I couldn’t afford. I picked up the pace a little. I began sobbing, realising that the odds of me escaping were almost zero.  I was lost in my thoughts and didn’t notice the small divot in the road. My foot slipped into it and I fell violently, hearing something in my ankle snap as I hit the ground. A bolt of pain shot up my leg and I screamed in agony.

I looked down at my ankle, wiping tears of terror and agony from my eyes as I checked my ankle. My ankle was twisted almost completely to the side, so that my toes were pointed at my arm. My vision swam for a second and I felt really lightheaded. I clamped my eyes shut and bit the inside of my cheek as hard as I could. It hurt like hell, but it helped clear my head. I glanced down at my ankle and let out a yell of frustration and pain. My yell was answered by a scream from down the road, reminding me of my current situation.

I dragged myself to the side of the road, rolling myself into a ditch. I cried out in pain as I hit my ankle. My vision swam dizzyingly as I attempted to stay conscious. I stifled my cry as I heard a scream even closer to me, maybe a quarter mile away. I scooped up leaves from around me, trying not to move my legs at all. Due to the amount of leaves I was able to almost completely bury myself in leaves. I left a small slit on my face so that I could see partially onto the road.

As the shrieking grew closer, my body started to tremble. I tried to stifle these as the creatures came closer. My eyes were glued to the wall of fog that loomed over the road.An ear deafening shriek erupted from the fog, making me flinch. Luckily I had piled tons of leaves around my ears which lessened the noise. One of the creatures glided out of the fog, it’s horrific mouth stretched into a grin. Its teeth poked out of its mouth at horrific angles. It slowed to a stop and surveyed the surrounding fog with its empty sockets. I held my breath, my pulse beating in my ears. It stayed for a while longer, then glided on, the mist swirling in its wake.

An eternity passed. An eternity filled with a procession of them, some stopping like the first, some gliding past without slowing down at all. There were so many of them and I began noticing occasional differences. Some wore nothing, while others had ragged tatters which clung to their forms like drying clothes on a clothesline.  Some had ragged wounds which trailed down their elongated faces and made me feel sick.

Eventually, the flow of creatures ebbed, then stopped. After about thirty minutes of no movement, I slowly sat up and looked around. I grabbed a nearby stick and used it as a crutch. I propped myself up and began limping towards the road. I began limping on my original path, but slower this time, so as not to attract any attention.

As the night dragged on, I began feeling more confident. I hadn’t heard anything for about an hour, and I quickened my pace hoping to reach the highway by morning. And I was right. In fact, I made it to the  offshoot that I had gotten on from the highway before it even started getting light. As I set foot onto the pavement, I let out an excited whoop and waved my makeshift crutch in the air. I laughed and began walking down the paved road when I suddenly stopped. The mist was clearing and so I had a better view down the road. And I saw them.

They were in a row that stretched across the street. As I stared at them in shock, they began gliding towards me slowly. I yelled and quickly turned to run when I stopped. Behind me, there was another line of them. They were gliding towards me just as slowly, advancing towards me silently. My legs felt like jello as I sank to the ground in despair. I sat down on the pavement and stared helplessly as they began sprinting towards me and the shrieks of the creatures filled the air. I cried out in agony as their claws pierced my body and ripped me apart.

–

A few months later, another person came down the road. He checked his GPS, because he was suspicious about this road. It was really overgrown, and there were what looked like animal bones scattered across the road. His GPS said that it was the shortcut, so he ventured forward, looking forward to surprising his friend for Christmas. He had gone to visit his friend’s parent’s house a few months ago, so he should be really surprised. He chuckled as he imagined his shocked face, driving over the bones without a second thought.


I watched the blood as it trickled across the slick wooden floor, as it began to hide under the furniture, as it began to spread and draw closer to me, inch by inch…

I was always a curious man… Was it wrong to peek? I thought not. Maybe I had been wrong… What good has come of this corpse that lay here before me? Yet, I have no regrets… I’ve regretted everything. I no longer wish to let myself become lost in such emotions. The deed has been done.

Still…

No, I must have been right. It was not wrong to peek… It was wrong to open the door as I have now. The door of knowledge has always been there, waiting for me… Who knew it could cause this? Still, I will carry on… This sudden insight is confusing. I will learn to master my knowledge…

The blood that has been shed by my hands is no longer relevant. Nothing in this physical realm is relevant. I must understand what is yet to be understood by any other being. I will be patient and carry on…

I let the blood reach me… I watched it while it dried and ceased its journey across this unfamiliar place. The blood’s journey was irrelevant, unlike what I must soon experience. I left him there, to make my own journeys across these many unfamiliar places…

Am I mad?

Possibly. Although… I could never quite say what madness was.


The house was nestled into the depths of the woods, and from a certain distance the only evidence it existed was a small column of smoke in the evenings. No one ever went that deep, though. The woods themselves were believed by the locals to be haunted, though the specifics of the hauntings vary to the point of over-active imaginations. A cow flying, for instance. I’ve heard that one many times. What the story-teller fails to realize is that to give his tale credence, it requires a semblance of truth. The amount of ethereal power a ghost would require to lift a cow would have to be incredible. That’s why in most cases we see smaller objects moving. A picture frame falling to the floor. A tea cup rattling at an empty table seat. Bearing these things in mind, the story of this mysterious house is quite unbelievable.

I arrived on one such evening where the smoke column was visible. The gray wisps died off in the sky and melded flawlessly with an orange and purple sky. The town itself sat safely five hundred feet away from the woods. It contained all your typical small town commodes, and the local inn was no exception. I stayed the night, and, to pass time, amused myself by inquiring the origin of the smoke. I was not disappointed.

The eldest man in the room required little motivation to spout out bits of information in the form of a faded recollection of past events. Past events that happened before his time; missing children, mutilated bodies, rapes, objects moving. You know, the usual. But, the one alarming occurrence he related was that of the woods itself. He claimed that, in the early hours of the morning before the sun has risen, the believed-to-be-former occupant of the house, a Miss Delsy, a woman who was trying to invent a flying house based on works by da Vinci, attempted to make contact with her recently deceased husband. Her chosen method, the elder reports, was using a spirit board. In my experience, such reckless methods end with either disappointment or a one-way trip to an asylum. Regardless, he continued to say that Miss Delsy had in fact communicated with her late husband, but that he was not the only one to hear her call. After a brief reunion, the Delsy home shook violently, causing a local gale within the house, tossing belongings here and there. Miss Delsy was horrified, naturally, and got up from her fallen position to run from out her front door. However, she stopped dead in her tracks after having opened the door. Her house was flying! She stood spellbound as she watched the town get smaller and smaller. Soon she was over the woods, and her wails went unnoticed by her neighbors. Then the house stopped moving, and fell to the ground. To this day, one hundred and fifty years later, no one has dared to enter the woods to discover the fate of Miss Delsy.

I thanked the old man for his tale and retired to my room. The only window in the room gave me a lovely view of the woods. The full moon shone brightly over the treetops, but the smoke remained. It was to this view I fell into troubled sleep.

I was surrounded on all sides by a squadron of menacing trees, their bark as black as tar and their leaves dripped a mysterious maroon liquid. The moonlight glittered on the ground in front of me, the silvery beams barely piercing a blanket of leaves. In the distance, I heard a terrible scream. Only, it wasn’t a single scream. It was as if a great many people were meeting their demise. The branches of the trees bobbed up and down with a mute laughter, and I ran with haste to escape this haunted wood. At last I came upon a small clearing whereupon a lonely house stood with smoke lazily lifting itself into the atmosphere. The scream resounded again, and to my horror it was emanating from within the house. The ground beneath me began to shift, and I found myself being pulled towards the house as though it contained a powerful gravitational center. I tried running away, but in my haste I tripped, and I felt strong hands grasp my ankles. Soon, my own scream melded into the symphony as I was dragged to the door.

I awoke with a cold sweat to find myself once again in the safety of the inn. As I removed my blanket, I stifled a scream. On my ankles were large red hand prints. I quickly gathered my things and rushed out of the inn, but not without leaving a few coins for the innkeeper. I was just about to exit when a hand grasped my arm and pulled me back. It was the elderly man who had I had talked with the night before. He saw the look of fright in my face and inquired, “You dreamed of it, didn’t you? You dreamed of the house?” I could only respond with a nod, as proper words wouldn’t find their way to my lips. He released his hold on my arm. Before I could ask any questions myself, he spoke again. “Running will not save you then. All who’ve had the dream have two choices; Death, or the venture into the woods to find the truth themselves.”

“Death by what?”

“If you try to leave the town boundaries, your heart will simply stop beating. Likewise, none who’ve gone into the woods have ever returned. I’m afraid you’ve condemned yourself by visiting this town, sir! Woe is I who have to look upon the living dead!” he cried as he took a seat at the empty bar to stare into his empty palms. I assumed the man to be senile, and made to leave the town as quickly as possible.

I had just passed the final house of the town when I felt a sudden light-headedness. I put a hand to my chest and despaired to find my heartbeat failing. I went back into town and the feeling went away, and my heartbeat regulated. I determined my only hope of survival to be a journey into the woods.

My brisk pace brought me to the edge of the woods in less than an hour, and the morning sun of September brought welcome solace to troubled mind. I turned around one last time to view the town, and found a visage in every window, some of which were praying. All were watching. After a deep breath, I entered the woods.

Sunlight pierced the frail covering of the treetops, and my heart calmed significantly at the pleasantness of New England in autumn. Birds sang from hidden stages, their curtains a pleasant weave of green, orange, and red. I assumed a leisurely pace, taking in the beauty and convincing myself all this was a good omen.

I had walked in a straight line for what seemed like hours. My legs were weary, and I decided to sit down. I rested my back against a tree. It wasn’t long before the tranquil aura set my mind to rest and my body to sleep.

When my eyes opened, the sun was beginning to set. The peaceful atmosphere was dissipating, and the woods were starting to resemble my dream from the night before. I decided to move with all haste to the house using the smoke as a guide. I could barely make it out through the trees. I began to walk at a brisk pace towards it, and, just as the sun removed itself from sight, I came upon the clearing with the lonely house.

Before the invisible forces could start to pull me towards the house, I decided to go forwards of my own free will. The door knob was ice cold, and before I could turn it, it turned itself and the door swung open, tearing the knob from my grasp. I entered and found it to be a rather cozy one room home. However, not a living soul could be seen. The door slammed behind me and I jumped. The screams echoed once more, and I covered my ears with my hands in a vain attempt to mute the sound. Once it died down, I tried the door. To my despair, it didn’t open. I tried to ram it open, and an invisible force threw me to the ground. I was too dazed to stand back up. To my left, from under the bed, a rotten arm reached out to pull the body it belonged to out. I scuttled to the far side of the room. It was then that I realized that I’d left my pack in the woods. I didn’t even have my crucifix with me. I was defenseless. A second arm reached out.

The hands had found their grip and began to pull itself out from under the bed. It was halfway out when it finally lifted its head from the floor. An empty face stared at me with pitch black eyes. My fear had left me paralyzed, and all I could do was shudder. It had finally reached me and grabbed hold of my foot when I could hold onto my scream no longer. And, as I did so, it screamed as well, until I found that my voice had melded into its Hellish orchestra.

I awoke once more at the inn, and found once again I had a cold sweat. The elder had told me I could discover the truth or accept death. What truth was there to be found? And that putrid being beneath the bed, who were they? I once again walked down the stairs and found the old man in his usual seat. I took the stool by him and he turned to me at once, the bags beneath his eyes a most hideous shade of purple and red as though he’d recently taken a few good hits to his face.

“You’re back. Most who experience the dream even once decide to accept death. Twice, now. Twice you’ve met her and still retain the will to go on. I admire your courage, stranger.” He stretched out a liver spotted hand and I took it wearily. “Linwood.”

“Burke,” I replied, releasing his hand and folding mine on the counter. He pushed a cup of tea in my direction, but I let it sit for a bit. “You told me to discover the truth or let death take me. The truth of what?” I asked, pacing my questions so as not to overwhelm him or seem eager, despite my being so.

I heard a sigh escape his lips, a sigh of remembrance and pain. “The truth, no one knows. A man who wandered here a few years ago had the dream. The woman spoke to him, telling him he must find the truth or face his end. He lasted not two days afterwards, tearing the town asunder with desperate questions. Alas, he made no progress.” He regarded my face. “You want to know who she is. My good sir, she is none other than Miss Delsy herself. Surely you could’ve presumed as much so far.”

I brought the tea closer to me, frivolously striving to preserve its warmth. “The wretch is no woman, Linwood. ‘Tis an unholy beast, a mockery of beauty and life. If I am to face her again, what am I to do?” I sipped the tea, feeling the heat slither down my throat and into my stomach.

Linwood finished his own tea, and I could see the bitter taste warp his lips slightly. “Muster your courage. Scour the house she lives in. Speak to her, if you are able. I fear another night will be necessary, Burke. God be with you,” he said, and I could hear his genuine sincerity. He looked once more into his empty teacup, lost in thought. I left him sitting there, and prepared my mind for another journey to the evil heart of the woods.

I moved faster this time, and stopped for nothing. I would have plenty sleep should I solve this mystery, and plenty more should I not. I made it to the dim hut in half the time as before, the smoke trailing to the sky as a ghastly serpent. Determination filled my spirit, and I strode to the home as a man with nothing to lose. Once inside, I found the interior to be much the same as before. I checked under the bed firstly, not wanting to be caught unawares again. Gingerly I took the sheets and steeled myself for what might be beneath. In a swift motion I removed the sheets and peeked. Nothing but cobwebs and dust. I breathed a sigh of relief, but what was on the bed caught me by surprise.

It was none other than an ancient spirit board, its letters barely visible through the fade of time. A planchette sat beside it. Daylight came in through the window and fell upon the board, as though Heaven itself were willing me to use it. In my heart of hearts I knew, however, Heaven had no place here. Regardless, I sat on the bed and turned the board so the letters were facing the correct direction. I focused on my breathing, and took the planchette in my hands, my thumbs on the bottom side while my fingers rested on top. I wasn’t sure of what to say, so I moved the planchette to the center of the bored and simply asked if anyone was here. Despite my earlier notions of these devices as nothing more than lies, I still felt chills tickle my spine as well as a strange increase in my awareness. I could hear wind caressing the leaves of the forest, could hear each crackle of the fire and the smoke forcing its way to freedom, and every color seemed more vibrant. Even the gray paper on the walls seemed worthy of further inspection. I was about to do so when I felt her. Her physical presence I could not see, but I could feel decayed and cold flesh place itself on my fingers. I knew better than to ask who it was, as Linwood had filled me in. Instead, I had a far more important question.

“Why do you haunt these woods so? Why do you haunt me?” I asked to the seemingly empty air in front of me. With a gentle force I felt the planchette move, and I was so deeply entranced I almost forgot to look through the glass at the letters.

“Trees,” it spelled. I pondered a moment, then came to the realization her body was lying in the woods, presumably unburied by her manner. I nodded my understanding, not quite sure how to communicate so. Then, it moved in answer of my second query. “Clean.” This stumped me, as I had bathed only four nights ago. Unless, she wasn’t referring to my skin. My spirit, mayhaps? That must be so, but what of the rest of the town? I spoke that aloud, and was treated to, “Native.” I wasn’t sure how that was supposed to make sense, but at the same time I made sense from it. For whatever reason, only travelers were afflicted with this dream. That must mean the locals took no interest in Miss Delsy’s fate, and relied on foreigners to save her. That was the truth I must discover.

I congratulated myself on my wit in the situation and said goodbye to Miss Delsy’s spirit, when the icy hands clenched my wrists and held them to the planchette. I struggled in vain, and read the words, “Look at me”. The hands moved mine and the planchette up into the air, and when I looked through the glass, the fight went out of me. Looking at me, from beyond, wasn’t Miss Delsy at all. Instead, a man looked at me. He disappeared, and I could hear a voice crying from the next dimension. “Save my wife”.

The sun was laying itself to sleep to allow the moon its time on the stage when Mister Delsy left me. So he’d found rest, and was bringing wanderers into the woods for them to save his wife, who apparently was having trouble moving to the great beyond. I knew then what to do. Bury Miss Delsy and pray for a safe voyage to join her husband. But where to look? The woods were vast indeed. I dared a glance at the sunset and was treated to a glimpse of the man who was Mister Delsy walking under the canopy of leaves. I was eager to move on and get this over with, but as I got off the bed, the sound of laughter stopped me.

It had come from just outside, on the other side of the window I had just peered through. As I looked back, I caught the barest trace of long hair. Then, a knock at the door. Linwood’s words of courage came back to me, and I answered the door, silently telling myself that no ghost would garner one more ounce of fear from me.

I opened the door wide, and Miss Delsy’s horrid face greeted me. Her body was elsewhere, however, as the only thing beneath her head was an incredibly long neck. Worms and maggots creeped along the flesh of her neck. She released her vile scream upon me, and I responded with a swift hit to her nose. Her head flew back a few feet, and her neck followed like a string to a ball, flapping oddly in the breeze. I took advantage of her position and ran into the wood where I’d last seen Mister Delsy.

The trees were black as they had been my first night, the red liquid still streaming off their leaves. I was no longer afraid, even though the liquid fell upon my skin. When I wiped it off, I realized it was blood. I heard Miss Delsy shriek again behind me, and I dared a backwards glance. My courage failed me when I saw her. She was flying towards me, her feet barely touching the grass, though her head had found its way back to her shoulders. She wasn’t what caused my heart to sink, but what was falling in line behind her.

The house had fallen into a great chasm in the ground, fire bursting forth with an intensity that rivaled the very sun itself. A black, clawed hand took grip on the cold earth, destroying the life beneath it. Another hand found its way as well, and pulling itself upwards I could feel my hope as a tangible essence, being pulled forcefully away. Its head I’d seen before, in a French encyclopedia I’d perused from mild interest. Belphegor arose, his head a motley mix of red and pink, black goat horns, a large nose, and a mouth which contained teeth that seemed to come from a creature which dwelt at the very bottom of the sea. His beard was as black as his horns, and his fiery eyes were fixated upon me. Miss Delsy had fallen in league with a prince of Hell, for what purpose I could only imagine.

My mind found its sanity, and I ran with all speed through the dreary trees, following sights of Mister Delsy as I went. The anguishing wails of Miss Delsy mixed with the ground quaking steps of the demon, and soon the crash of trees followed. My lungs were failing me until finally I saw a corpse in a circle of moonlight. There was a strange beauty that I could not put my finger on. For a few moments, it was only me and Miss Delsy’s body, and the softest breeze carried blood red leaves gently downwards, the moonlight giving the body a gloomy, saddening spotlight. Almost all her skin had been rotted away, hair long gone, but some flesh remained as well as some clothing. And, though I couldn’t see him, I knew Mister Delsy was there, weeping for his fallen angel.

I came back to myself quickly, the beauty of the moment gone. Miss Delsy and the demon were closing in, and I hadn’t the slightest clue of how I was to bury her with so little time. I hadn’t even thought to bring a spade with me. In answer, a crucifix that had once been on the wall of a home and a shovel that had once shoveled coal into a fireplace fell from out of the trees. If that wasn’t a gift from the Heavens, I wouldn’t know what is. Frantically I dug into the earth, finding the soil easily moved. With every heap of dirt moved, I prayed a word of thanks.

I had a decently sized hole for Miss Delsy’s corpse when her spirit was upon me. I could feel her presence chilling the sweat on my back. “Let me help you, miss,” I spoke, almost out of energy. Her response yet another scream, but she was cut short. A peaceful blue light emanated from behind me and I turned to what it was. It was none other than Mister Delsy himself, holding the raging spirit of his wife in a loving embrace. He had his nose in her sinister locks, and her head was pressed against his chest. He bothered himself to grant me a nod, then returned his full attention to his wife. Belphegor’s thundering steps grew closer, but I took no heed. God himself was with me, I was sure of it. That, or by His will he sent Mister Delsy to guide me. Even the blood curdling roar of the beast had no effect upon me.

I took Miss Delsy’s body in my arms with all the care of holding a new born infant, and laid her to rest. I replaced the soil, and planted the crucifix just above her head. I knelt down and spoke the Lord’s Prayer, and after I did so, I could hear Belphegor’s retreat to Hell. He was attempting to claw his way out, but to no avail. I rose to thank Mister Delsy, but his specter, as well as that of his wife, had vanished. In their place was a small crucifix, a child’s version of the one I’d planted, only its silver caught the light in such a way that reminded me of the blue light that had radiated from Mister Delsy earlier. I placed the token in my pocket, and began the long trek back to town.

I returned to the inn just as the sun decided to wake, a yellow sphere barely peeking over the woods. Linwood was walking down the stairs to take his seat as I entered. He stopped dead in his tracks and made the sign of the cross. “My God, Burke. Have you done it?”

I was exhausted from the night before and the lack of sleep, so I gave him the shortest explanation I could. At the mention of Belphegor, he simply nodded and said, “Ah yes, the prince who helps people in their discoveries. He must have appeared to the widow Delsy when she wanted to make her house fly. The poor woman…” I finished my story, and told him the couple now rests in peace. I begged his pardon, and promising to speak more upon the subject when I awoke. I returned to my room at the inn for well-deserved sleep. I closed the curtains, feeling weariness overcome my body. The simple cotton bed seemed to me a fitting reward for the night’s accomplishment. I fell upon the bed, sleep taking me instantly. And, when I dreamt, I saw not demons or ghosts, but Mister and Missus Delsy, in each other’s arms and giving me their thanks. The woods were gone from the dream, and the sky was the gleaming gold of a dragon’s horde. A lovely gate sat on a cloud, its keeper greeting the couple with open arms. They bid me a fond farewell, and that they awaited for the day when I could join them.


“Over the hill and through the moor
the candle man comes walking
up to your door”

“He lights up a candle and walks to your bed
leaves the candle in the window
and leaves with your head”


Sam knelt down before her mother’s grave. Tears welled up in her deep brown eyes with remembrance and sorrow. She felt a large sturdy hand on her back; it was Michael’s. His icy blue eyes pitied Sam, wondering how he could help save her from any more despair. As Sam looked back at the grave, Michael looked to Josh, who focused on the darkening clouds above. Michael knew he felt awkward, since Sam and Josh had only broken up two months ago. He remembered the difficulty of getting Josh to even come.

“I just don’t understand why I have to be there. You’re her boyfriend now, dude.” Josh had glared at him when Michael had to give Josh the news that Sam wanted him to come to the funeral as well.

“You’re still one of her best friends, and she wants your support.” Michael pleaded, trying to persuade Josh into going. He didn’t want Josh to come anyway, but he knew Sam would be thoroughly displeased if he didn’t manage to make Josh go.

“I’m going because her mom was always incredibly sweet to me. Nothing more, nothing less.”

“Alright, just don’t let Sam know. You know how she is with honesty.” Josh nodded at Michael’s words. If Sam wanted Josh there to support her, she would expect it. Michael felt sorry that he had lost such a great friend when he found such a loving and supporting relationship with Sam.

“I think it’s time we headed out. The clouds are looking mighty threatening.” Josh said quietly, hoping not to make Sam upset or angry. He exhaled loudly through his nostrils, and continued to look up at the sky.

“I have a few umbrellas because it looked bad this morning.” Michael pulled three out of Sam’s massive purse. Josh chuckled.

“Geez, Sam, you could fit a baby elephant in there, huh?” Sam looked up, and smiled. Josh always knew she liked jokes that weren’t harmful, even if they were directed at her. She nodded and got up.

“It’s just a shame I haven’t tried to yet.” She dabbed her eyes and wiped her nose with a few tissues. She took a deep breath and took an umbrella just as the drops started coming down.

The rain came down in bullets. Michael was afraid that it was going to start hailing soon, and that his umbrellas would be broken. He tried to get Sam to walk faster, but she kept walking at her own slow pace. The rain started coming down in sheets, making it difficult to see beyond Josh who was only a pace ahead. Josh looked around, knowing they might lose the path out of the cemetery if they kept walking. He called out for them to stop, but Sam wouldn’t stop. She kept on walking. Michael was getting worried. He didn’t remember any of the visible tombstones around them. He looked to Sam, searching for a sign of fear, but her eyes were filled with depression and loathing at the world.

Eventually, Michael shouted to Sam that they should stop. He saw her look at him, but not really see him. Her eyes looked dazed, dead even. Her face lost that usual cheeriness it normally held constantly, and her eyebrows were turned in a worried fashion. He grabbed her arms, asking if she was okay. Just as she opened her mouth to speak the rain stopped immediately. Josh had kept walking, but stopped mid step. He looked up at the sky.

“What the hell kind of storm was that? And where did it go?” Josh was confused. He was a meteorologist, so he knew there should be some sort of cloud left after that rain storm but there wasn’t a cloud to be seen. The grass wasn’t even wet. There were no puddles, and the air took on a sudden weight of heat. Josh walked back to Sam and Michael with a questioning look. They looked around.

“We’re lost. Great.” Michael said. This must have been a deeper part of the cemetery. There were more statues of angels and crosses and women and men and children than regular tombstones. There were statues of Holy Mary and Jesus. There were statues of demons being killed by angels. But the one that stood out the most was the statue of a man in a cloak. His mask’s nose and chin were so over exaggerated that they almost touched each other. The mask looked happy in a very malicious way. Michael went to the back of the statue and saw the back of the head had scars written in Celtic writing all down the base of the neck and further.

“What the…. What type of statue is this?” Michael returned to Sam’s side hoping the chill the statue gave off would subdue when next to her.

“He looks friendly.” Sam said in a child-like voice. Josh looked at her with an expression like he couldn’t believe she said that. To him the statue looked far from friendly. It looked menacing. Josh went to go see the back of the statue and saw the markings on the head.

“What do these mean? Can you guys figure them out?” Josh looked to Michael hoping he would, but doubting it. Michael shook his head and looked to Sam, but she was obviously far gone. Her mouth was open just a crack, and was moving so slightly that you couldn’t truly tell what she was saying. She walked closer and closer to the statue, her arm gradually reaching out to touch the hem of the statue’s cloak. Michael tried to coax her back to his side, but Sam ignored his pleading. The instant her fingers came in contact with the statue, it changed somehow. Josh looked at Michael, and then together they looked at Sam. She was clutching the end of the cloak.

“Sam? Sam! Stop! Get over here now!” Michael demanded, but she shot him a look of hatred towards him. Josh gasped at Sam; her eyes! The pupils were cat-like and the iris glowed a blood red hue. Sam snarled at Michael and turned to the statue with a smile on her face. The statue looked down at her and laughed.
“Hello there, sweetie!” The high pitch feminine voice of the masculine male statue did not comfort Michael or Josh. Sam backed up and extended a hand to help down the now-living statue. It accepted with a childish giggle and stepped on the grass below the podium is was on. The moment its feet were on the ground the grass beneath them deadened, all life sapped out as the statue seemed to be able to support its own weight more and more.

“Who are you?” Josh asked hesitantly, not truly wanting an answer. All he wanted to do was grab Sam and escape.

“I am me, silly man. Are you hungry?” The Masked Man turned it head similarly to that of a dog who is just hearing a new sound.

“I am, master! I am so very hungry!” Sam’s voice was not hers, but it somehow sounded like her. This confused Michael.

“Sam, we need to go now. I don’t think you’re well.” Michael took a step toward Sam, but she hissed at him, recoiling more towards the Masked Man. He laughed once more and patted her shoulder.

“It is safe, my love. They are going to join us for a bite to eat.” The Masked Man caressed under Sam’s chin, but didn’t truly look at her. The mask was full view to Michael, giving him a horrible chill down his spine.

The Masked Man bent down and whispered something in Sam’s ear. Her eyes lit up and she bolted in an unknown direction. Josh was shocked at first but immediately ran after her, followed closely behind by Michael. Very soon they lost Sam, but were still following the sounds of her deep laughter and her running feet. Exhausted a confused, the boys took a rest.

“Man, I don’t know what’s up with your girlfriend, but she’s obviously not Sam anymore.” Josh huffed, hands on his thighs as he leaned against a statue of the Holy Mother.

“Don’t go putting Sam down, Josh. She was your girlfriend too.” Michael had his hands on his hips staring at the statue of the Holy Mother. He was studying her face when he noticed something off. The statue was crying blood.

“She’s a beauty, isn’t she?” The Masked Man’s voice came from behind Michael, making both boys turn their heads quickly to see. The Masked Man had his head tilt to the side again, and the mask focused on Michael. “Are you hungry?” He asked again, with a mocking tone in his voice.

“Who are you and what have you done to Sam?” Josh shouted, full of hatred for this entity that changed Sam so much. The Masked Man only laughed his childish laugh.

“She was empty, so I filled her.” Then he was gone. The two boys looked at one another, silently asking the other what was going on. No questions were answered.

Sam’s strange new laughter filled up the dead air, and the boys went back to running throughout the cemetery. When the laughed stopped, the boys were on the steps of a mortuary. It was a darker stone covered in vines and cracking in most places. The words above the building were in the same Celtic writing that the Masked Man on the back of his head. Just as Josh was about to sit on the front steps, the door opened with a hiss. Michael looked at Josh, shrugged his shoulders, and slightly opened the door.

“Sam? Sam, are you in here?” He called into the empty room. From what little light they had they could see there were candles with bows on them. The candles looked as if they hadn’t been used in ages, probably centuries, and the bows were either pink or a blue satin that had been fraying over the years. Cobwebs covered every inch of the walls. Josh walked up behind him and looked in as well. Josh repeated the call into the mortuary, hoping that there’d be an answer.

“Josh? Michael? Anybody?!” Sam’s real voice echoed from inside. It was dark and very hard to see, but there were sobs from deep within. Michael and Josh ran over to Sam, Michael putting his arm around Sam reassuring her that she was safe. She was crouching behind a very large stone casket. In the walls surrounding them were small squares symbolizing the burial places of once living people.

“I felt as if there were so many people inside of me. Every bit of my skin felt as if it was stretched and bloated out too far and I wanted to cry it hurt horribly. All the while this sound… this voice in my head telling me it was going to feast finally. Oh Michael, I need to leave this place.” And with those words the mortuary’s doors closed, and the candles began to burn and gave the room a slight glow but it gave no warmth. The three friends were at the very end of the mortuary, and at this point they were all terrified. Sam was so scared she couldn’t move and stayed in a crouching position, and in fear of another attack Josh picked up an oddly placed fire poker and Michael grabbed a steel sword from a decoration on the wall behind the large casket.

The candles near the door of the mortuary gave out. Then a slow wail of a child seemed to be seeping from the walls, from within the burial places in the walls.

“What the hell is happening?” Michael shouted to Sam as the cries of the child seemed to grow louder and multiply in voices. The next farthest candles went out, sending the front door in shadows. Above the wails the three heard the Masked Man’s voice sing:

“I remember the good old days, where I lured the children out of their beds by whispering false promises in their heads, of promises of candy and toys, of a place of wonderment for good girls and boys. All they’d have to do was pay the price of their company for me eternally. In return they’d get to stay in my magical house where they could play. One by one I’d tempt them in, and foolish as they were they had doubts and scares. I assured them that all is well, and that the only thing they need do was sit in my chair. Once there I wove a spell full of words, feeding them nothing but poison to slow them. I’d make them dance by the slash of my whips, and feast on their lovely flesh.”

With each line, Sam cried more hysterically and her cries sounded closer to insanity than ever. The walls began shaking, and the squares seemed to threaten to open and release a horrible sight. Seeing her pain, Michael was enraged and ran full force towards the Masked Man. As he got close he burst into flames. The flames were so bright that Josh could see the Masked Man’s face had changed from the menacing smile to a horrible grimace, and that the eye holes shown a deep red. Fearing for Sam’s life and his own, he ran towards the Masked Man with the pipe, but Josh simply disappeared as he passed through the Masked Man. Hearing the demise of both of her friends, Sam cried louder and more hysterical than ever. She shut her eyes, foolishly thinking that it would make the Masked Man go away, but it did not work. The last thing she felt was a sharp object piercing through her leg.

Sam woke up with a scream, reaching next to her instinctively searching for Michael. Realizing that she was in her own bed, she collapsed in horror of her own mind. How could she think something like that? It was all too horrible. Michael shifted and propped himself up on one arm, gently caressing Sam’s back.
“Shh. Shh. Shh. Don’t worry sweetie. It’s all fine. I think we should get back to bed. Your mom’s funeral is tomorrow. And don’t forget to remind me to bring umbrellas. It’s supposed to rain, and bad tomorrow.”


Please visit the The Duxbury Chronicles series tag for more!

“The Dumpster”

August 6th, 1982 was a day that no one in Duxbury liked to talk about. No one who is still around who remembers it anyway. It had been a hot one. Hot, humid, and most of all, wet. It had been that way all summer.

“Unnatural,” The old timers were wont to say.

By mid-summer rainfall all along the East coast had hit records not seen since the 20’s. The nearby swamps and bogs had deepened, dark, murky water encroaching onto lands normally dry. The Duxbury Bogs and the North Hill Marsh Sanctuary in particular had been cause for concern.

By mid-July (Courtesy of the Bogs), Pilgrim’s Highway had been flooded over, blocking Mayflower Street all the way down passed East Street. Island Creek Pond and the North Hill Sanctuary had joined forces, turning the lands that divided them into one giant wilderness of muck and water.

And by the end of July it looked like Cranberry Bog and Pine Lake were on the verge of rising up high enough to join the other two and submerge the whole damn area. It had been an ugly business already.

Homes in and around Pettibush Lane, Maple Pond Lane, and Evergreen Street had already been lost to flooding. And there had even been talk during the Duxbury Town Hall Council Meeting the previous weekend of the possible necessary evacuation of Tinker’s Ledge Road if the rains kept up.

That had gotten people buggin’. Markus McDuff had leapt up and shouted with the vigor of a man half his age, declaring, “They’ll have to drag my dead body,” off his Apple Farm if they came to evacuate him.

There had been a grasshopper boom as well. Everyone said it was because of all the rain. The population thickened as one got further from the busier streets. Certain sections of the Whiton Woods were so thick with the little green bugs that it was hard to describe it in words.

One had to “see it, to believe it.” On some of the trails every step one took would literally be accompanied by a multitude of tiny springy noises as the brainless bugs leapt away from whatever giant passed them by.

They hadn’t been the only insects to flourish in the unusually wet weather. The cicadas had come out in force for the season as well. And they sang their summer songs with an unprecedented fervor. Every evening around dusk, they’d alight in the branches of the trees and chirp up at the brilliant, shifting purple and orange canvas in the sky.

In the trees all along Island Creek, the insects seemed to be especially prevalent. There were certain sections of the creek where one would have to practically shout to be heard over the buzzing cacophony. It was, needless to say, not a good season for insectophobes.

Despite all the climate issues, the “tourist” season (small as it was) did not seem to really suffer. Which had been quite a relief to the local business owners. And ever since August started it hadn’t rained. As a result, the general mood around town was brighter than it had been.

But on this early afternoon, one resident’s mood was especially chipper. Officer Robert Maxwell was walking down Harrison Street with a particular “pep” in his step. That was because Bob had just scored a dyno date with the town Betty!

She was a bodacious babe by the name of Mary Barbadino. She’d been the morning waitress at Alice’s Restaurant for going on three years now. Bob had grown up in Duxbury and had always liked Alice’s. But it had been Bob’s pre-shift breakfast spot pretty much every day since he’d first laid eyes on Mary in that tight-fitting waitress uniform. Even on his days off.

He still couldn’t believe his luck! Bob, at the ripe old age of thirty seven, was not exactly known for being a lady’s man. He wasn’t some hoser or anything, but he was no primo stud either.

And she’d approached him! Bob had known that Mary had broken up with her boyfriend Marcus Greene four months prior. But he had never had the cahones to do anything about it.

The situation between Mary and Marcus had been like a badly written movie. Marcus and his posse were the local tough guys. He and his crew seemed to always be getting into trouble. Be it a fight at the local bar, or a “domestic dispute” at one of their biker parties.

If it was true that in life everyone had a role to play, then it was Marcus’s destiny to be an asshole. That’s not what had stopped Bob from making a move on Mary, however. Bob was a Roller after all. He’d just been too chicken.

So this morning when Mary had come over with a cup of coffee in hand, and slid into the empty booth across the table from him, he’d been struck speechless for a few seconds. The conversation had been quick and direct. Mary talking, and Bob mostly nodding while trying to keep his mouth from hanging open.

She’d wanted to know if he was interested in catching a movie after her shift. Bob would have watched the bunkest movie in the world with Mary. He’d quickly agreed, and the two had made plans to meet when she got off at five.

Bob made it to the corner, and took a right onto Washington Street. He was headed to Barry’s Meats, the local butcher shop. Barry was legendary in the region for his kielbasa. And tonight after whatever movie they ended up seeing, he was going to surprise Mary with a better meal than Alice’s had ever put on a plate!

He walked briskly, passing Beaver Brook Lane and making a mental note to stop at Snug Harbor Wine on his way back home. It was nearly 12:30, which gave Bob approximately four and a half hours to get dinner made, get dressed, and be back at Alice’s.

He had been originally scheduled to be on duty until six and had agreed to meet Mary without giving it a second thought. After realizing it, he’d been worried that the “boss man” wouldn’t be accommodating to his sudden plans. But after he’d made it back to the station, Sheriff Copper had been all too happy to give Bob the night off.

In truth Copper had at first been as incredulous as Bob had initially been. But the Sheriff was a good (if not gruff) man., and had granted his request with a hearty laugh. He gave him a hard pat on the back and left him with the wise words, “Happy hunting son!” as Bob had walked out of the Station doors.

He swiftly passed by a group of children playing in Washington Park. Off in the distance a baseball game was going on. He vaguely remembered seeing a flyer earlier in the week stating that the Duxbury Dragons would be playing their first game of the season today.

On the other side of the street loomed the Saint John’s Evangelist Church. The ancient stone structure cast a long shadow across the asphalt. Bob only gave it a cursory glance as he passed it by.

He was not a religious man, though his Mother regularly attended. In truth, the place had always kind of creeped Bob out.

He looked around. He didn’t see the local Pastor, Father John, anywhere. Which he ironically thanked God for. The short, fat man was always lurking about somewhere in town. Always looking to “add to the flock” as he put it.

“Lurking.” No. That wasn’t the right word for it. For all their brief encounters, and by all accounts, Father John was a pleasant man. Known for his charity work, and volunteering at the local soup kitchen in fact. He felt like a dick for having the thought in the first place, and quickly pushed it out of his mind.

By the time he’d crossed Freeman Place and was walking alongside the monolithic structure of the Hudson Bank, his thoughts had once again returned to Mary and what exactly he’d done to make this morning so different than all the countless others. He glanced to the left. Looking at his wavy reflection as he passed by the floor-to-ceiling windows of the massive building.

Well, he had started working out. In fact in the last two months he’d lost almost twenty pounds! A big part of it was the change up in his diet.

Egg whites and coffee for breakfast, instead of pancakes. Salad for lunch, instead of a burger. Come to think of it, hadn’t Mary been the one to first suggest his change- up in breakfast?

Or maybe it was his fresh new ‘stache. At first he’d been hesitant to try and grow one. Never being one for stylized facial hair. But he quickly realized that it was totally choice. His mom said he looked like Tom Selleck.

Bob was enwrapped in these thoughts as he reached the corner. He wasn’t looking in any particular direction, and only half heard the quick, panicked steps just as someone came sprinting around the other side of the building and collided straight into him.

Bob was knocked off his feet. Landing hard on his back, he managed to keep his head from bouncing off the pavement. But for a few seconds he saw stars anyway.

“Bab!” He recognized Boston George’s voice. He sat up, and attempted to bring the man into focus.

“Oh, Babby, thank Gad it’s you!”

Bob began to slowly climb to his feet, but the skinny forty-something man was faster. He practically leapt up and dashed over to the deputy. Offering him a hand, the man helped him up.

“We got a real situation here, Babby!” the man said, his eyes darting around frantically.

Georgey McCabe, or “Boston George” as he was known by the locals, had gotten his name because of his heavy accent. And because, well…he was from Boston. Which could be quite a big deal in some circles within such a small town.

He was a “born, and bred Irishman of the Big City on a Hill”, as he was wont to say. Bob had never been, but he imagined that Georgey was a pretty accurate representation of the average Bostonian.

Boston George had moved to Duxbury from Beantown three years prior. He always seemed to have a lot of money, though no one knew exactly what it was that he did. He drove a candy apple red BMW M1. Anywhere he went with it he drove like a man on his way to save the world.

Georgey had accumulated quite an impressive pile of tickets and citations since coming to Duxbury. But he always had the money to pay off his fines, and so had remained on the road.

“For now,” Sheriff Copper had said to Bob one night at the Station.

Copper didn’t like Boston George, though Georgey seemed oblivious to the fact. He kept speeding, and the Duxbury Police Department kept profiting off his “stuntman” antics.

Bob had never ticketed Georgey personally, however. He and the Irishman had become some-time poker buddies shortly after his arrival. Bob liked to gamble once in a while. Georgey loved it. And the man had one hell of a poker face.

Over the last two years, he’d taken far more of Bob’s money than Bob had his. That was for sure. The man also liked to sometimes go out “day drinking” as he put it. And as Bob took in George’s disheveled appearance, he began to suspect that was exactly what the man’s afternoon activities had consisted of thus far.

The thinning hair on his head stuck out in tufts, pointing in all directions. His Aloha shirt was only half tucked into his trouser shorts. Bob realized that the man was also missing one of his flip-flops.

But there was a distinct panic in Georgey’s eyes. A sort of wild terror that gave Bob pause. The man was talking, Bob realized. Thickly accented words flowing out of his mouth a mile a minute. Though he had no idea what he’d been saying.

“Take a red, Georgey!” Bob shouted, raising his hand in a silencing gesture as he did.

George fell quiet. For a few seconds all that could be heard was the birds chirping, and George’s ragged breathing.

“What is the problem?” He didn’t have time for this.

“There’s…” George gulped in a lungful of air, trying to steady his voice. “-There’s some kind of mahnstah in the dampstah behind Bahne’s Mahket. And I think it got Old Man Pete!”

“What?” Bob asked. Truly at a loss.

“Oh for Gad’s sake, Bab! I’m tellin’ you that there’s something in the dampstah behind Bahne’s Mahket, and I think it got Pete!” The man was quickly becoming hysterical.

“Okay. Okay,” Bob said, raising his hand once again in a placating gesture. “So tell me what happened.”

“I was sittin’ outside Lux Cafe. Out in one of the chairs on the patio. Just having a drink ya’know?”

At this Bob quirked an eyebrow. Georgey didn’t seem to notice.

“Anyways, so I’m sittin’ there out on the patio when I see Old Man Pete come out of his store, and go around to the back alley with a bag full of trash.”

Peter Barne’s was the elderly owner of Barne’s Market, the local grocery co-op. Pete was in his seventies, but had moved like a man half is age up until his wife Edna had passed last winter.

Since then Pete had developed a noticeable stoop in his stance. Now he walked with slow, pained movements. These days he seemed to look at the ground more than anything else.

In truth it pained the Deputy to see the old man slowly fall apart. Bob had known Pete since he’d been just a boy. He’d been known as “Old Man Pete” even back then. But in those days he’d sported a full head of gray hair.

“So like after five minutes go by,” Boston George was saying, “I notice that Petey hasn’t come back out from the alleyway yet. So I staht worrying that the poor old bugger’s hurt himself or something ya’know? So I get up, and I go across the street to go check on him.”

Bob knew the area George was referring to well. It was called East Cove Plaza, and was consequently the only spot on Surplus Road that had any businesses on it. Four to be exact.

All located around the same two square blocks. Barnes Market and the Red Herring Diner on one side of the street. East Bay Salon and Lux Lounge on the other.

Up until a year, and a half ago there had only been three businesses. But Lux had opened up next to East Bay. It was this “new age” hippie cafe/bar. And was owned by this unbelievably sexy red-headed fox named Gretta Thompson.

She’d moved to Duxbury about two years ago and after about six months had opened up shop. That was all he really knew about her. He’d never been in the bar, though it had simultaneously become a hit with the younger locals and an endless source of gossip for the elders.

“So what did you find when you went to go check on him?” Bob asked, feeling a faint sense of apprehension as he did so.

“That’s the thing, Bab,” George said in a hushed tone. “There wasn’t no one back there when I got up there. Just an empty alleyway with the dampstah in the back.”

“But I got this real weird feelin’, Bab. This real weird feelin’ that Old Man Pete was in that dampstah,” Georgey continued.

Bob already did not like where this was headed. Though admittedly he had absolutely no fucking idea where this was headed.

“So I get to like about ten feet away from the dampstah, and somethin’s telling me—somethin’s telling me not to get any closer. So I call out Pete’s name. Feeling a bit silly as I do, mind you.”

Bob smirked despite himself. Yes. Silly was one word for it.

“And just as I say his name there comes the sound of trash slammin’ around. And I mean a loud sound! And the dampstah…” George trailed off as he gave a shudder. “The dampstah, Bab… it jerked towards me!”

Bob raised an eyebrow.

“The dumpster jerked towards you?” The words just didn’t sound right.

“Yeah, Bab. And I mean like three freakin’ feet!”

“So what did you do?”

At this George looked incredulous.

“What did I do? I fackin’ ran for my Gad damn life! That’s what I did Bab!”

“Okay. Okay,” Bob said, raising his hands once again. “Let’s go.”

“Go where?”

“Back to Barnes Market.”

“Back?”

“Yes,” He said,pinching his nose. “Back to the Market.”

“But-.”

“Come on, Georgey,” Bob cut him off and started walking.

Five minutes later they were moving down Surplus Road, almost halfway to their destination. Up ahead loomed the wooden bridge that went over Bluefish River. The raging waters echoed off the surrounding trees that bordered the street on both sides.

Bob had kept up a brisk pace. Partly because he was worried for Old Man Pete, and partly because of his rapidly shrinking timetable. George, to his credit, had kept up.

“Are you sure you don’t want to call for backup, Babby?” he half shouted over the thundering river, just as their feet met weather worn wood.

Bob glanced down at the rushing waters of the Bluefish as they clunked along. The river was normally more than a dozen feet below the bridge. On this day however, it was half that. If it got any higher, the city would have to close it off.

“Not quite yet, George,” he shouted back. “I think I’d like to check things out for myself before I go and do that.”

After another moment they were across the river and back on asphalt. With each step the thundering of the Bluefish faded.

The pair looked up at the looming trees on either side of them. The White Pines had grown fuller, and lusher than ever before, it seemed. Bob gazed off into the shadows of the surrounding forest.

There was pretty much nothing in the remaining half mile. Nothing but trees and encroaching swamp water that is. Pretty much everything West of Tremont Street was flooded.

But thankfully the four business that made up East Cove Plaza had thus far been spared from the weather thanks to their location about a half mile East of Tremont, on the corner where Reynolds Way crossed Surplus.

As they walked, Bob reflected on the dumpster in question. It was a fifteen yarder, if he recalled correctly, situated between Barne’s Market and the Red Herring for the convenience of both businesses. With all the flooding, it really wouldn’t be too outlandish if a bear or some other critter had made its way down and jumped in looking for food.

They came to a flooded part in the road just as they hit the intersection of South Station Street. The water stretched all the way to the woods on both the right and left. They wordlessly walked to the right.

Entering the edge of the woods, they used the rocks and roots to keep their feet as dry as possible, as they made their way. The water stretched on down the street for a good twenty feet before relinquishing its hold on the road.

Soon the surrounding forest gave way once again to a suburban sprawl. Up ahead in the distance stood East Cove Plaza. He felt an inexplicable twinge of apprehension at the sight of the buildings. And for about a second, he really did want to call for back up.

But what would he tell dispatch? Boston George thinks that there’s a monster in the dumpster behind Barne’s Market? Yeah, that would go over well. Then he realized he didn’t have his radio on him anyway. So the point was moot.

After another moment of walking they had reached the front entrance of Barne’s. The “Now Open” sign still hung in the window. Bob opened the door and stepped inside. They were greeted by the refreshing coolness of the air-conditioned store.

“Mister Barnes?” Bob called out.

No answer, save for the soft hum of the air-conditioning unit. Bob walked deeper into the store, swiveling his head this way and that as he continued moving down one of the aisles.

“Pete?”

Again no answer. This wasn’t good. Something was up.

“I’m tellin’ you, he’s not in here, Babby,” Boston George said in a hushed tone from behind.

“Officer Maxwell?” Came a voice from the back of the store.

Both men turned to see Pete’s nephew Doug Jenkins emerge from the back storage room. Doug was in his forties. He seemed to possess an endless supply of plaid shirts and blue jeans that he wore no matter how high the temperature was. A nice guy, though a bit slow.

“Hey, Doug,” Bob said, with a wave. “I was just looking for Pete. Have you seen him?”

At this Doug shook his head.

“I was supposed to meet him here. We’re going down to the dinner at Saint John’s tonight. But I can’t find him, Bob.”

That last part carried with it a tone of worry.

“Don’t worry, Dougy.” Bob managed a smile. “We’ll find him. I’m going to take a look around outside. Why don’t you stay here in case he shows back up?”

Doug nodded.

“Okay,” he said.

“Cool beans. Alright, me and Georgey here are gonna take a look around back. We’ll meet you back here in ten minutes if we don’t find him.”

And with that George and Bob turned and walked back out. The sticky summer heat practically slammed into them as they stepped back outside. Together they walked in silence to the entrance of the alleyway.

They rounded the corner and just stood there for a moment. The area was empty, save for the hulking form of the dumpster that stood in the back. It was a big, ugly thing, standing about six feet high. And, yeah, it was a fifteen yarder.

“There’s no way Pete fell in there,” Bob thought to himself as he scrutinized the hunk of metal.

There was something off about it though. But he couldn’t quite put his finger on what. At first glance it appeared the same as it always had.

It was just as rusty and weather worn as ever. Still the same dirty green color, with the words “Patterson Waste Disposal” written in big white letters on its beat up exterior. He was pretty sure that Boston George was right though. The dumpster seemed like it was farther from the back wall than normal.

Maybe George had been partially correct. Perhaps some bear or something had wandered down and climbed in looking for food. Again, considering the flooding, it wasn’t outside of the realm of possibility. After all, the wildlife was known to wander into town from time to time.

Bob moved cautiously forward, and then stopped when he was about fifteen feet away. Some vague, primal instinct warned him not to get any closer.

He stood there in silence for a moment, listening for any sign of movement from within the rusty metal structure. Nothing. Not a sound. He straightened, and let out a sigh. Jesus. He was being ridiculous.

Georgey was just buzzed. Pete Barnes had just gone out on some sudden errand and forgotten to lock up. Yeah, that was it. He started to turn back to George. That’s when he noticed the shoe…

It was just lying there about three feet in front of the dumpster. It was black. That was about all he could tell from this distance.

But he knew. He just \*knew\*, that it was a black penny loafer. And there was only one guy around here who sported those kind of kicks.

“Mister Barnes?” Bob called out toward the dumpster, knowing full well how ridiculous he would look to his peers in that moment. He received no reply.

He took a few more cautious steps forward, calling out again and once again being answered with silence.

God, what if he had fallen in? As impossible as it seemed. What if Pete had fallen in and was lying broken and bleeding right now as he stood there like an idiot?

“What’s goin’ on fellas?”

A voice suddenly asked from behind, causing both men to jump. Bob turned around only to see Christie Villarmarin’s pug-like face. Christie was the “owner” of East Bay Salon.

What that really meant was that her husband, District Circuit Court Judge, Troy Villarmarin, had bought his incredibly unpleasant wife a business so as to keep her out of his hair. And quite literally in someone else’s.

“Everything alright, Officer Maxwell?” she asked innocently.

Bob didn’t really dislike people as a rule of thumb. It was not in his nature. But God Damn if Christie just didn’t naturally piss him off.

She was one of the town gossip “ring leaders,” as his mother always put it. Christie had an affinity for other people’s business. Her Salon only amplified her powers. Bob noticed a few of Christie’s customers/cronies had gathered on the sidewalk in front of the Salon and were watching their conversation with rapt attention.

And God Dammit if he didn’t have time for this! It was going on 1:15 and he hadn’t even made it down to Barry’s yet! Christie was a shark circling a piece of meat on a hook. But he wasn’t going to give her one bite.

“Yes, ma’am,” Bob said, beaming. “We’re just looking for Old Ma- Mister Barnes. I think he may have stepped out, and forgotten to lock up.”

“Oh,.” was all Christie said, mirroring the Deputy’s smile right back at him.

She knew that he wasn’t telling her something. And she was determined to find out what. As a member of the upper echelon of the community it was her duty to. After all there were very few police officers in Duxbury who were truly mentally adequate to do their job. But what could you expect from a profession that literally accepted anyone who applied?

For a moment the two just stood there, beaming their smiles at one another. Boston George looked back, and forth between the two of them. Lifting a brow in confusion at their “smile duel.”

“Why, good afternoon everyone!”

The three turned to see Father John standing in the mouth of the alleyway with Sheriff Copper and Deputy David Quimby. The Priest was dressed in his usual black underwrap. He was carrying a cake with pink frosting in a big tupperware. The short, balding, round man wore his usual warm, toothy grin.

“Bobby!” the Sheriff said in greeting, and began walking up.

“Great,” Bob thought.

Copper nodded at Christie.

“Ma’am.”

“Sheriff,” Christie smiled. This time the expression was genuine though.

Copper reached Bob and gave him a clap on the back.

“Don’t tell me you got stood up?!” He said. Letting out a great bellowing laugh as he did.

“No, Sheriff. I-

“I’m just teasin’ you Bobby,” Copper cut him off. “Ol’ Dougy told me about Mister Barnes.”

Bob noticed Doug poking his head around the corner.

“I told the Sheriff you was looking for Pete,” he said.

“Thanks Doug,” Bob replied.

“Me and the boys here were just on our way down to get ready for the Church Cookout tonight,” Copper said with a grin as he turned to face the others.

“Now this right here is a shining example of an outstanding Officer of the Law. Even off duty, right before a big date no less, we find Bobby here still ensuring the safety of the good citizens of Duxbury.” He laughed once again. His big belly bouncing up and down.

“A date?” Christie quirked an eyebrow at this.

“Shit,” Bob thought.

“Yes, Deputy Maxwell,” Father John cut in, smiling up at Bob, who stood a full head taller than him.

“You truly are a good man, aren’t you? You know you are always welcome in God’s house, my son. Perhaps tonight you and your lady friend might stop by and partake in the festivities?”

“Th-— Thank you Father. We just might do that,” Bob lied.

“Tell ya’ what Bobby,” Copper said, “why don’t you go run along, and let me handle finding Mister Barnes?”

Bob let out a sigh of relief.

“Thanks, Sheriff. I owe you one.”

The Sheriff waved this off with a grin.

“Don’t mention it, Bobby. But before you go, do you have any leads?”

“Leads?” Bob asked, not understanding.

Copper laughed.

“Yeah, ya’know? Like any idea where Barnes might have got off to?”

Just then there came a brief, faint echo of shifting trash from within the depths of the big, green dumpster behind them. Everyone turned.

“I don’t know. But I noticed a shoe that looks like one of his beside the dumpster.”

“Um, so did you check it out?” Quimby asked.

Deputy David Quimby could have passed for Larry Wilcox’s twin. He acted like it to. The all American high school football hero turned cop. Every day on the job you’d think that Quimby was acting out an episode of Chip’s Patrol.

The man was wearing his pump-action Mossberg 590 strapped to his back. Despite the fact that he didn’t need it, the Deputy almost always had the weapon on him. He thought in made him look tough. And in truth it really did help him get laid.

“I actually just got here a minute before you did,” he answered. “I was about to look. But George said that he thought there was some kind of animal in the dumpster. So I was… assessing the situation before approaching.”

“Hah!” Quimby exclaimed in a clearly fake laugh, slapping a hand across one knee. “Ya’ll are scared of a raccoon in a dumpster?!”

“It ain’t no raccoon, Officer Quimby,” Boston George replied in a foreboding tone.

Christie Ackerman huffed.

Bob just ground his teeth. Partly because he couldn’t think of an adequate retort, but mostly because the answer might very well be “yes.”

That’s when Bob realized how quiet it had gotten. The near constant chirping of chickadees was suddenly absent. He tried to remember if he’d heard any birds when he’d first gotten to the neighborhood.

“Don’t none of ya’ll worry your pretty little heads off ,” Sheriff Copper said as he began walking down the alleyway. “The Sheriff’s on the jo– Oh, what in the Hell?”

The Sheriff looked over the other’s shoulders. Bob turned. The small group of onlookers from the salon had been joined by a group of curious younger folks from the cafe. They were now gathered in the middle of the road watching them.

“Alright!” the Sheriff shouted toward the street, “There ain’t nothin’ to see here people! We’re just havin’ a conversation, and ya’ll are wastin’ your time if you’re hoping for some action.”

“And since ya’ll are grownups, I don’t think that I have to lecture you on how dangerous it is to bestanding in the middle of the road. Now I suggest that ya’ll git!”

A couple people shuffled their feet. But no one really moved. The Sheriff huffed and turned back around to face the dumpster.

“Fine,” he said and began walking.

“Sheriff,” Father John said. And Copper paused.

“I’d be careful. The woods and swamps are not far away. And there’s no telling what may have crawled out of the bogs this time of year. Keene’s Road is flooded over you know.”

The Sheriff smiled.

“Aw Father, your concern for my well being is truly touching. But I’m a big strong man, and I think I can handle some little woodland critter.”

“Besides, Keene’s Road and all its ghost and goblin stories are a long ways off.” He winked, and continued moving forward.

“It’s never really that far,” Bob heard the Priest say under his breath. It was a peculiar statement.

Copper walked up to the dumpster while the others watched with trepidation. Everyone except Quimby. He was standing there with his hands on his hips, smiling ear to ear. No doubt thinking about how he was going to tell everyone at the station of Bob’s newfound dumpster phobia.

The Sheriff made it to within a foot of the dumpster and looked in. Nothing happened. He turned around to face the others, a big shit-eating “I’m better than you grin” plastered on his face.

“Ya’ see, fellas,” he said, “there ain’t nothing to be afraid of.”

“Are ya’ sure sheriff?” Boston George asked hesitantly.

Copper shrugged and turned back around. Stepping up to the lip of the dumpster, he stood on his tip-toes to get a better look.

“Whatever animal it was prob-” The Sheriff’s words caught in his throat, and his body froze up like a dear in headlights.

“Jesus, Mary, and Jose-!” Copper’s words were cut short as the two hundred and thirty pound man was violently ripped off his feet. Simultaneously there came a small explosion of trash. Garbage whizzed by and Copper’s uniform billowed as if caught in a strong gust of wind.

The big man went up, and over the edge, disappearing in a blur. He didn’t even have time to scream. Everyone instinctively back-pedaled.

The group of onlookers that had gathered in the street quickly herded themselves back across to the sidewalk on the other side. The smaller group that had been near the Dumpster practically leapt backward to the lip of the alleyway.

Deputy Quimby shouted in surprise.

Christie screamed, and Bob joined her. To the passerby it might have sounded like the two were having a “damsel in distress ” screaming contest. If they had been, Deputy Maxwell, to his credit, would have won.

“Oh my Gad! Oh my Gad!” Boston George was shrieking over and over as he back-pedaled into the street. His hysterics were abruptly cut short as he was struck by Henry McDuff’s truck.

Marcus’s son hadn’t even noticed Georgey until the man was rolling up onto his hood. The farmer panicked as George smashed into his windshield, simultaneously jerking the wheel hard to the left, while slamming on the breaks.

A split second later the rusty, red pickup smashed into a car parked in front of East Bay Salon. George went rolling off and over the hood of the other vehicle, falling over the other side and disappearing from McDuff’s view as quickly as he’d appeared.

The open bed of the truck had been literally overflowing with freshly harvested apples. Upon impact, the fruit erupted out of the bed like a volcano, creating a small apple tsunami that rolled across the street.

The screeching of tires forced Bob’s horrified gaze from the spot where Sheriff Copper had recently occupied to the street behind him. But only for a moment. Once he realized that it was just a car accident, he quickly snapped his gaze back down the alleyway, pulling out his service revolver as he did so. Carnivorous dumpsters took precedence over car accidents.

For a moment everybody just stood there in silence. Then there came a great rumble from within the Dumpster that sounded like a giant belching to Bob. A small explosion of assorted trash shot up high into the air.

The crowd took another collective step backward as the assorted debris came raining down, clattering and clanking to the ground between them and the alleyway. Glass shattered. Empty metal cans went bouncing across the pavement.

The smaller group at the edge of the alley raised their hands over their heads protectively as debris rained down upon them. A big aluminum can bounced off Bob’s shoulder. It didn’t really hurt, but it did make him jump.

The last thing to land was the Sheriff’s hat. The brim had a jagged tear that looked like a shark had taken a bite out of it. The sight of the hat was apparently Quimby’s breaking point, for a second later, the man let out a howl that was one part terror and one part war cry.

He raised the Pump Action (which Bob only now realized the Deputy had unslung from his back), and the weapon boomed deafeningly. It happened so fast that Bob didn’t even have time to shout at him to stop or he could hit the Sheriff.

The buckshot struck the side of the Dumpster, sending out a shower of sparks. But as far as Bob could tell, it failed to penetrate the thick metal.

Quimby continued moving forward. Pumping his shotgun and firing over and over, howling all the while.

One. Two. Three.

Each shot that hit the rusty metal sent out another shower of sparks. Every round ricocheted off. Bob saw a chunk of the red brick wall of Barne’s Market disintegrate beneath the weight of buckshot.

Everyone but Quimby seemed to be aware of the danger, the crowd collectively panicking as the Deputy continued to unload the contents of his weapon.

Another shot rang out.

Just then one of Quimby’s shots finally did manage to penetrate the damaged metal. And that’s when the proverbial shit truly hit the fan. The Dumpster suddenly exploded into motion.

It came rocketing forward in a blur. Its wheels screamed maddeningly as the rusty behemoth attained a speed it had never been meant to. Quimby, who had only been about ten feet in front of the nightmarish Thing, had no hope of getting out of its way.

It smashed into him with bone crushing force. Bob was sure that, had it not been for the screeching tires and the shrieking people, he would have surely heard Quimby’s bones shattering.

Several things happened in the next three seconds. The unfortunate Deputy Quimby was violently dragged beneath the rusty behemoth. Except no part of him really fit between the five, or so inches of space between the bottom of the Dumpster and the pavement.

What quickly followed reminded Bob of what he compulsively did every morning with his toothpaste at home. Everything inside the Deputy’s body was forced forward, rocketing up under his skin until the bottom of the Dumpster met with Quimby’s head. Then his head exploded as it was crushed beneath the weight of the monstrous Thing.

In some grotesque feet of physics, most of what had made Quimby tick blew out of the top of the man’s head like a cannon. There came a loud “thwop” that sounded a lot like the noise a balloon might make if one jumped up and landed down on it with both feet.

Bone, entrails, and other less identifiable things quite literally erupted out into the street, blood and bone mixing with the apples and broken glass.

That was all in the first second. Bob and Father John were the next people standing in the monstrous hunk of metal’s deadly path. There was no time for words. Bob prepared to leap for his life, but everything felt like it was moving in slow motion.

The rusty monstrosity was practically already on top of them. That’s when Bob felt Father John shove him with a strength that seemed impossible for a man so small. It felt like Conan the Barbarian had steam rolled into him with all his fictional might. The Deputy went flying off his feet, hitting the ground and tumbling out of the way just on time.

For one split second, just before his mad rolling forced his eyes away from the passing monstrosity, Bob thought he caught sight of Father John standing calmly on the other side. And as insane as it was, he could have sworn that the man wore a look of mild amusement.

Bob felt the wind of the massive Thing on his face as it passed. He caught the scent of trash, and blood, and…something else…. Some ungodly stench that made his eyes water and his stomach lurch.

Then the Dumpster was rocketing across the street. It kept going on its straight path. People shrieked as they tried to get out of the behemoth’s way, slipping and falling over each other and the apples. There came the near defending crash of metal hitting concrete as the Dumpster went up and over the curb.

The Thing (to the great misfortune of those still in its path) barely slowed as its nightmarish momentum took it onto the sidewalk. There was a fire hydrant in its way, but it offered up little resistance as it steam rolled over it and into the shrieking crowd.

The hydrant was ripped from its base. Water instantly began to geyser up into the air from where it had been. But the Dumpster paid it no mind as it continued on its deadly path. Several people who had failed to get out of its way were struck and carried along with it.

It then slammed into the front of East Bay Salon with a deafening boom that was followed by a chorus of shattering glass. The Thing bounced off the brick building, and slowly rolled backward and back off the sidewalk before coming to a stop.

Bob dazedly climbed to his feet. The front of the Salon was painted red. He didn’t have to see the other side of the Dumpster to know that it was covered in something akin to what you’d see on a conveyor belt in a meat packing plant.

Most of the crowd had finally decided to take the late Sheriff’s advice and “git”. People were shrieking and running down the street in both directions. Bob for his part just stood there in a shock as the icy water from the broken hydrant rapidly flooded the street.

The water reached where he was standing and soon his socks were soaked. But he paid it no mind as his gaze roamed slowly around the scene. There were still about a half dozen or so people stumbling about in a shell-shocked daze that mirrored his own.

“Christ! Robert, are you okay son?” Henry McDuff’s panic etched voice brought the Deputy out of his stupor.

Bob turned to face the farmer. The grizzled forty-something man was holding a double barrel Remington in hands that weren’t shaking quite as badly as his.

Bob managed a nod.

“Babby!” Boston George came running and limping up, huffing all the while. “Oh, Bab, thank Gad you’re okay!”

Bob turned and met the man’s concerned eyes, thinking in that moment that George was a lot nicer of a guy than he’d ever given him credit for. He’d just been hit by a truck and was asking if he was okay!

“We gotta get outta here, Bab!”

The Deputy nodded, and just as he did the Dumpster turned. Not at blinding speed, but not slowly either, wheels squealing shrilly into the air. As ridiculous as the thought was, Bob swore that the rusty, blood stained hunk of metal had turned to look at them.

“Oh shit,” McDuff said under his breath.

Without another word the trio took off toward the row of cars parked in front of Lux. They all sensed what was coming next.

Like a dog giving chase to a rabbit, the unholy Thing came for them. Everyone who’d been wandering around after the initial impact had been brought out of their stupor when the Dumpster once again began moving. But at that moment Christie Villarmarin was awful close to it.

She shrieked and began running. Her massive blubbery form bobbing up and down so violently that for one insane second Bob half expected her to start bouncing away. She did bounce once though. Just before the speeding Nightmare struck her she gave one last panicked leap into the air.

The woman attained an astonishing altitude. As impossible as it seemed, her tennis shoes had to be at least three feet off the ground when the Dumpster struck her. She bounced off the frame and even higher into the air, cartwheeling round and round before falling directly into the Thing’s open maw. She made a sort of gurgling shriek as she fell away from sight.

A split second later Bob, George, and McDuff were busy trying to scramble over the hood of a big gray Buick Century in front of them. The cars lining the sidewalk, having been parked nearly bumper to bumper, seemed to offer up as good a defense as any.

McDuff was the first to make it over. The farmer was surprisingly quick on his feet. He turned to help Bob, who was right on his heels. He made it to the other side just as McDuff was once again saying, “Oh shit!”

Bob whipped around. Boston George was about halfway across the hood, the un-athletic man doing his best to move quickly. But the Dumpster was a second away from plowing into the car.

Bob and McDuff instinctively stumbled backward. The Dumpster blasted into the Buick. The side of the car crumpled like an accordion as the vehicle was forced up onto and over the curb.

All the windows exploded at once. The sheer force of the impact was so powerful that it shattered the floor to ceiling windows in the entrance of Lux and knocked both men on their asses. And for the second time that day, Boston George was sent hurtling off the top of a vehicle. He landed on Bob and McDuff, who were blindly scrambling (and failing) to get out of the sliding vehicle’s way.

Miraculously the Buick slid to a stop mere inches from the three men. They only had a second’s reprieve though. For as they began climbing to their feet, a massive tentacle came shooting through the broken passenger side window.

The Thing was terrible to behold. Rippling with corded muscle, at its thickest it was the circumference of a hubcap. The flesh that covered it was the color of bile. And the smell. Oh God, the smell!

It thrashed around madly over their heads, the entire frame of the Buick rocking back, and forth with the Thing’s movements. Bob reached for his gun.

Only it wasn’t in its holster. Where the fuck was his gun?! That’s when he remembered that he’d taken it out before the monstrosity’s initial charge.

His shock was broken by the sudden retort of McDuff’s Remington going off deafeningly over his head as the weapon unloaded both rounds into the Thing. The nightmarish appendage jerked violently as both shots found their mark.

The flesh about four feet down from the tip exploded like a watermelon. A sizzling, purplish fluid came out in a spray as the top part of the tentacle struck the ground with a heavy thud. The severed appendage began violently thrashing about.

There came a hellish shriek that shook the very air around them, and the stumpy tentacle violently snapped back through the ruined car as the Dumpster quite literally jerked backward. The metal behemoth rocketed back across the street, attaining a speed that defied reason.

It grated deafeningly along the sides of several parked cars in front of East Bay before abruptly changing direction. It flew across the street, slamming into a sedan parked in front of the Red Herring. The frame of the vehicle folded inward, metal shrieked deafeningly.

Bob quickly leapt to his feet. Stumbling to avoid the thrashing tentacle, he looked down. The sizzling purplish blood (if it could be called blood) was burning holes in the concrete, making a patch of the sidewalk look like smoldering Swiss cheese.

He turned to help McDuff up, realizing at the same time that it wasn’t the farmer who had fired the weapon. In front of the gated entrance of Lux stood their savior.

It took Bob a moment to recognize the woman. It was Gretta Thompson. She was standing there in a blue and white dress, holding the smoking Remington, her face a mixture of rage and terror.

“My fucking windows!” she shrieked at the Dumpster, as it rocketed back across Surplus and smashed into a Volkswagen van with a giant “Peace” sign painted in bright yellow on the sliding door.

The three men stood and looked at her with dumbfounded expressions. Gretta fixed her green eyes on McDuff.

“You have any more bullets for this thing?”

“Uh, yeah, back in the truck.”

“Well that’s just fu-” her breath suddenly caught in her throat as her gaze shifted over their shoulders and her body stiffened.

“Come on!” she shouted a darted back through the entrance of her cafe.

There came another deafening roar from behind. The three instinctively began sprinting for the entrance. Bob was the last one in and, just as he entered, he turned to see the Dumpster once again rocketing toward them.

This time, though, it had clearly given itself room for a running start. It plowed once again into the accordioned Buick with a deafening crash. The car was lifted up off the ground and sent tumbling toward the front entrance of Lux.

It smashed through the little iron gate that bordered the patio. Bob saw the “No Alcohol Past This Point!” sign blast off the gate and come rocketing toward the cafe. A second later, both the rolling vehicle and mangeled gate slammed into the main entrance.

The frame of the building shook with the impact. The double doors were blasted off the hinges and sent clattering to the floor. More glass shattered somewhere in the background.

The Buick had rolled and slammed into the Cafe while on it’s side, wobbled back and forth for a moment before finally tipping backward, and hitting the pavementan impact that shook the ground.

The roof collided with the pavement and instantly flattened. The mangled metal fencing clanged to the ground a second later.

Gretta gave a primal shriek from behind Bob. “My windows!”

The Dumpster began to slowly roll backward, lazily twirling round and round as it did so. In the distance could be heard the faint but distinct sound of approaching sirens.

“Alright, ya’ Gad damn trash manstah!” Boston George cried out to Bob’s right.

The Deputy turned, and watched in disbelief as Georgey pulled out an entire bottle of moonshine from his trousers as if he were a magician and this was really just some elaborate performance. Then to Bob’s further disbelief he watched as George unscrewed the cap and began stuffing a handkerchief into the open top.

“George what are you—” The Deputy’s words were cut short, as his attention was drawn to another deafening crash. The Dumpster slammed into another car in front of East Bay Salon.

“Let me show you a city folk trick, ya’ unholy bastad!”

Bob turned once again to look at George just as the man was stepping back out onto the ruined patio. To his disbelief he saw that the he’d ignited the handkerchief and was drawing his arm back.

“Oh, Christ,” He heard McDuff say.

“George what are you—” the Deputy attempted to ask the question once again, but his words were cut short as Georgey hurled the flaming bottle in the direction of the Dumpster.

Whether it was blind luck or the fact that Georgey’d been an accomplished pitcher at some point in his youth back in Boston, Bob did not know. But the makeshift Molotov cocktail flew nearly seven yards, and hit the erratically moving target right on the mark.

“Yeah!” Gretta cried her approval. “That was totally flange baby!”

Georgey blushed despite himself.

Bob gave a cursory thought to poor Christie Villarmarin just as the flaming bottle of liquor disappeared behind the rusty, blood stained walls. He assumed that she had to already be dead. At least he hoped she was. Because a second later there came the shattering of glass, followed by a small explosion of flames.

It was as if every piece of garbage inside had been bone dry. Within seconds the interior of the Dumpster became a raging inferno. At least the top layer of trash had.

God only knew what occupied the depths of the behemoth. Flames shot out in a pyre, adding to the nightmarish quality of the Thing.

An unholy howl that all who were present would remember for the rest of their days erupted from the bowels of the Dumpster. Then the Thing took off once again, this time rocketing straight down the street, moving East.

“Oh, God,” Bob thought, “it’s headed into town!”

Just then Bob caught a glimpse of how the Thing propelled itself for the first time. Jutting out from the bottom of the Dumpster were at least a dozen of the sickly yellow tentacles, each of them thicker and more muscular than the first one they’d seen.

The tentacles were moving in a blurred frenzy, all of them swiping at the ground and tearing up chunks of asphalt as they propelled the monstrosity down the road with incredible strength. The way they moved somehow reminded him of the frantic, spasmodic way a centipede’s legs moved when the insect was suddenly flipped onto its back.

The Dumpster continued to roar as it rocketed down the street, its unearthly howl echoing off the sides of the buildings. The sheer volume of the sound vibrated the windows of the glass that still remained intact.

For a moment the four companions just stood there in the shattered remnants of Lux’s entryway watching the rapidly shrinking form of the Dumpster. It was moving faster than ever. Whatever passed for the Thing’s adrenaline had clearly kicked in.

The sound of approaching sirens was growing louder, though they were still a long way off. Much to Bob’s dismay, they were coming somewhere from the East. The crunching of a pair of shoes on broken glass drew everyone’s attention to the door. It was Father John! He rounded the overturned Buick and greeted them with a smile.

Bob looked at the Priest incredulously. For all the horror that had so recently transpired, the man looked no worse for the wear. He realized that he was still holding the cake in one hand; the bright pink frosting appeared to be completely unharmed.

“My children,” he began as if addressing a congregation, “it is truly the Lord’s will that has put us all here today. And I think that he would want us to see this adventure through.”

McDuff grunted in agreement.

“What makes you think God’s a man, Father?” Gretta sneered.

At this the Priest quirked an eyebrow. Then smiled.

“Freudian Slip my dear. But I digress… The Lord has willed us to survive thus far. And I believe that the Divine Creator would want us to drive this beast from our lands.

“I’m all for that!” Gretta exclaimed. “Let’s kill the shit out of that Thing!”

Father John cleared his throat at this, and Gretta looked over at him, pushing a lock of curly red hair out of her eyes as she did so.

“You know, I’d say I’m sorry. Father, but I’m not.”

“That fackin’ Manstah messed up my new favorite bah!“ Boston George added, his voice carrying with it an unnatural tone of wrath. ”Let’s finish that Fackah!“

Bob looked incredulously at the others, especially at Boston George. Until about two minutes ago, the man had been practically pissing himself. Now he and everyone was juiced up all of a sudden. Bob looked around at the unexpectedly determined faces with confusion.

Then his eyes were drawn to the cake in Father John’s hand. The bright pink frosting shining clearly through the container, practically glowing.This was insane. Go chasing after a two-ton carnivorous Dumpster that could move upwards of fifty miles per hour?

“Are all of you out of your fu—” He stopped mid-sentence, suddenly realizing his position. Realizing that this was his town! And thatthere was a living nightmare headed straight into the heart of it!

Bob nodded in affirmation. “Judging from the sound of the sirens, I’d say someone’s already called in the cavalry. And God help me if I ever walk around off duty without my radio again McDuff, go get your ammo out of your truck. If you can still get into it that is,.” he added.

“Ms. Thompson?”

“Gretta,.” she said flatly.

“Gretta then. Ms. Gretta, I like where George is headed with this Molotov cocktail idea. Would you mind if we bor—”

“On it,” Gretta cut him off as she turned and raced toward her bar.

Boston George suddenly let out a hoot.

“Alright! Let’s do this!” he exclaimed and took off running out across the decimated patio.

“I’ll get ol’ Lassie!” he shouted.

“Get what?” Bob asked, staring after the man in confusion.

Georgey paused and looked back at Bob with an incredulous look on his face.

“My cah Bab. My cah. It’s paked right around the corner.”

“You call your car Lassie? he asked, despite the fact that time was of the essence.

Yes Bab. Lassie’s my baby. Jesus Gad, do you even know me?” And at that he took off running.

With everyone in motion, Bob turned his thoughts to the fact that he didn’t have a weapon. He patted himself down frantically. The clinking and clanking of glass bottles echoed throughout the bar as Gretta presumably pulled down her higher proof booze.

Shit! All he had was his baton and mace. He slapped an open palm to his head. There came the sound of Lassie’s engine roaring to life somewhere down the street, followed by the screeching of tires.

He’d forgotten his spare sidearm at home! It was a Beretta M9 that his Mother had “uncharacteristically” gotten him as a gift for Christmas last year. He almost always carried it on him! Not that 9mm rounds were going to be much use against a two ton Dumpster from Hell.

“Could you perhaps put this to good use son?” Father John asked.

Bob turned and gave a start. In one hand the short, bald man still held the pink cake. In the other, he held Quimby’s blood spattered Mossberg 590. Bob stared at the little, chubby man in disbelief. The Priest beamed.

“I thought that it might come in handy. And that the unfortunate recently departed Deputy Quimby would have no objections to it being used as a tool to avenge his death.”

“F-Father I-”

“I took the liberty of reloading the weapon for you, Officer Maxwell.” Father John smiled. “Also it appears that the late Deputy Quimby had been carrying a copious amount of ammunition on him.”

Father John held out the pump-action, and Bob hesitantly (though he didn’t quite know why) took the weapon, feeling Quimby’s blood smear on his hands. It was still warm.

Then the Priest reached into his garments and produced a box of shotgun shells. At this Bob’s incredulousness increased two-fold. For in Father John’s hand was an opened box of Brenneke Shotgun Slugs.

Brenneke were top of the line. The closest thing to armor piercers that you could get for a shotgun in this day and age. They were damned expensive, too. What further perplexed the Deputy was that he was almost one hundred percent positive that the late David Quimby kept his weapon loaded with the cheaper, standard 00 Buckshot.

And to have been carrying a box of twenty-five slugs? Why in God’s name would Quimby have had all that ammo on him? With these questions echoing through his mind, he accepted the bright orange box, Father John smiling up at him as he did so.

“Th-Thank you, Father.”

Just as Gretta was rounding the corner of the bar with an armload of bottles, the sound of screeching tires echoed in through the shattered windows.

“Let’s go!” Bob shouted, and everyone ran for the door.

Thirty seconds later they were practically flying down Surplus Street in the candy apple red BMW, Boston George at the wheel. The trees whizzed by in a blur. Bob was in the front, while Gretta, McDuff, and Father John rode in the back.

They passed Christmas Tree Way so fast he couldn’t even make out the sign. George took the bend in the road ahead at a death-defying sixty-five. Bob realized he was subconsciously stomping on the floor as if he were going to magically find a brake pedal there.

For the first minute, all they did was follow the trail of black smoke the flaming nightmare had left in its wake. Lassie took another turn with speed and precision that would make Steve McQueen jealous. George really did know what he was doing, Bob realized.

Just as the racing vehicle passed South Station Street, they hit the flooded section. Bob remembered the water hazard only a second before they hit it. The BMW instantly began hydroplaning dangerously. George (much to Bob’s relief) slowed down a fraction.

The patch of water must have given the Dumpster some trouble too, because just as they cleared the mini-lake and hit asphalt again, the flaming behemoth came into view. It was racing over the wooden bridge of the Bluefish.

For a second Bob was sure that the bridge would collapse beneath the weight of the Thing. And had it lingered longer upon the aging wooden planks it just may have. As it was, the Thing was moving so fast that the bridge remained upright.

A split-second later, Lassie was crossing the Bluefish and gaining on the speeding nightmare. Now that they were on a straightaway of sorts, Bob was sure they’d be able to catch up to the Thing. But the billowing plume of smoke became blinding as they closed in.

The wind from the Dumpster’s momentum only added strength to the fire. The flames leapt up high and bent backward against the wind. The top was down on the BMW, and as they got closer Bob, could literally feel the heat from the Thing on his face.

Within the flames could be seen huge sickly yellow tentacles thrashing madly about and flinging pieces of trash high up into the air. Bob silently thanked God for how wet everything was as he watched some large, unidentifiable piece of flaming debris disappear into the shadows of the nearby forest.

And that wasn’t the only obstacle. The thick tentacles jutting out of the bottom of the Dumpster were literally tearing up the road as they propelled the Thing forward. The car swerved this way and that, bouncing and bumping along ruined asphalt.

“Holy Moses!” McDuff cried out from the back seat. “Maybe we should just let it burn itself out!”

At this Bob shook his head.

“Who knows if the fire will be enough to kill it?” Bob asked. Then turned to George.

“Georgey,” he shouted over the wind, “try and get up alongside the thing! Me and Henry will try and shoot out the wheels!”

“Ten-Four, Bab!” The man answered and took the BMW into the left lane. Fortunately there was no oncoming traffic.

Boston George put the pedal to the metal, and Lassie’s engine roared mightily. The vehicle began to rapidly close the distance now that they were out of the plume and away from the ruined asphalt. When they were about eighteen feet away, McDuff’s Remington suddenly boomed deafeningly over his head.

The buckshot struck the lower right side of the speeding Dumpster. There came a brief shower of sparks about eight inches above the wheels. Close but no cigar. Bob turned to find that the Farmer had climbed to his feet, balancing precariously on the seat of the speeding car as he aimed with his weapon.

“Hold up, Henry!” Bob shouted. “Let’s get a little closer first!”

“Alright!” Henry shouted back, as he bent to the task of reloading.

“Here, use these,” Bob said, handing him the open box of Brenneke. “They’ve got a way better chance of doing some damage.”

McDuff’s eyes widened. He gingerly took a handful of slugs, placing them in one of the pockets of his blue jeans.

“En’ how they do!” McDuff exclaimed. “Where’d you get these?!”

Bob nodded to Father John, just as McDuff finished reloading. He snapped the Remington back into place. The Farmer looked down at the smiling Priest in disbelief.

The next few seconds saw Lassie and her “stuntman driver” managing to nearly pull up alongside the Dumpster. The Thing was no more than a half dozen feet ahead and twice that to the right. At this distance, Bob had a chance to get a good look at the blood stained Thing, and he took in its nightmarish details for a brief second that seemed to stretch on for an eternity.

The flailing bile colored tentacles, thick with corded muscle, looked like they could crush the life out of a buffalo. He saw one of the tentacles below the frame of the Dumpster smack the ground. As it pushed off the street, adding to the momentum of the Thing. A few sizeable chunks of asphalt tore off and up into the air.

There were rows of…bone? Cartilage? He couldn’t even begin to guess at what they were made of. At any rate there were these rows of triangular shaped objects that lined the bottoms of the tentacles.

They looked terribly sharp and were clearly incredibly strong, considering what they were currently doing to Surplus Street. Bob shuddered at the thought of what it must feel like to be dragged deep down into the stinking, darkness of the garbage by those things.

Suddenly, a flaming bottle of liquor went flying over his head, snapping him out of his trance. Gretta having stood up in the backseat, and hurled it at the rusty Beast. He had no idea how she’d managed to get the thing lit amidst the howling wind. The bottle burst just on the lip of the bloody frame, exploding on impact and adding to the inferno.

“Yeah, motherfucker!” she exclaimed, apparently pleased with the damage she’d done.

The action had startled George as well, and he reflexively jerked the wheel to the left. The car swerved back and forth perilously for a few seconds. Finally the BMW straightened back out, as George regained control of the vehicle.

“Jesus, woman!” Bob said breathless, turning back to look at her.

In that moment, to Bob, she looked like something out of a comic book, her blue and white dress billowing in the wind, her curly, red hair flying all around her face.

“What?” she answered back in a perturbed voice.

In those green eyes Bob saw a madness that made him turn back around in his seat. He instead busied himself with preparing his own attack on the metal monstrosity. Bob propped himself up on one knee as best he could, leaning into the seat for balance.

“Alright, Henry,” Bob shouted, “let’s do this!”

Henry said something Bob couldn’t quite make out. George took Lassie as close to the Dumpster as he dared. Both men took aim. And that was about as far as they got, for a second later the flashing lights of an ambulance turning off of Washington Street suddenly appeared up ahead.

The ambulance was followed by two police cruisers. George hit the brakes. The wheels of the BMW locked up, and Bob flew forward, smashing the side of his face on the windshield as Lassie’s tires cried out in protest.

The three oncoming vehicles swerved erratically to avoid the flaming Behemoth. One of the cruisers went off the side of the road. The Dumpster whizzed by the other two, missing the ambulance by mere inches.

Then the worst happened. A half second before the Dumpster crossed Washington a fire truck came racing around the corner, intending to turn onto Surplus. The Dumpster, which had been veering slightly to the left, T-boned the emergency vehicle almost dead center.

Glass shattered. Metal bent and shrieked. Flaming garbage erupted into the air.

Upon impact three of the fire truck’s wheels were blown off the frame and sent bouncing down the road. Bob saw all this as Lassie skidded across the road, nearly turning completely parallel to her original position.

The Dumpster bounced off the emergency vehicle and rolled back lazily, whatever was inside of it seemingly dazed from the impact. Lassie finally skidded to a halt.

Firemen stumbled out of the ruined fire truck in a daze, and water spewed out from the broken water tanks. For a moment the men just stood there, watching dumbfounded as the Dumpster slowly spun round and round, flailing tentacles frantically hurling out flaming pieces of trash.

Then almost as one, they snapped out of their trance, springing into actions that had been drilled into them. A man unhooked a hose from the disabled truck. Two others joined him and together they began running for the nearby fire hydrant.

As if caught up in the same spell, everyone leapt out of Lassie and began running toward the firetruck, Gretta already attempting to light another Molotov cocktail.

“Don’t put it out!” they were shouting.

Flaming trash of assorted size fell out of the sky. The firefighters looked on at the small group with perplexed expressions, but only stopped when they saw McDuff’s Remington and Bob’s uniform.

“Don’t put it out?!” A frazzled looking Firefighter with the name “Gacy” emblazoned on his uniform stepped up to the approaching group. “What the Hell are yo—”

His words were cut short as a deafening roar shook the air. Everyone turned to see the Dumpster rocketing backward, the Beast within seemingly have regained its senses.

It slammed into a telephone pole, snapping the wood like a toothpick. Slowly it fell over, the upper half landing on the roof of the Fire Truck with a loud crash. A second later the power lines hit the street and the rapidly growing pool of water from the leaking tanks.

Two of the Firefighters standing in the water realized the danger too late, and Bob watched their demise with a mixture of disbelief and horror. For a brief second Bob swore he saw the two men’s skeletons beneath their uniforms, outlined in blinding blue light.

A second later they were no more than blackened husks smoldering in the shallow water. Everyone ran in a blind panic from the spreading pool.

McDuff was the first to reach the relative safety of the sidewalk. He turned and unloaded both rounds of his Remington into the Dumpster. Bob quickly followed suit.

Their shots were joined by a few others, the cops who had been in the squad cars instinctively following the actions of their fellow police officer.

Amidst the shower of sparks Bob knew that at least one of the rounds had penetrated the rusty metal hide, because a second later the Dumpster jerked like an animal being shot.

It roared again, but Bob was reasonably sure that he was partially deaf by now because the volume of the sound wasn’t as painful as before. The Dumpster took off once again, this time South down Washington.

A split second later Lassie was roaring up to Bob and McDuff, George behind the wheel and Gretta riding shotgun. Bob wasn’t sure when the two had run back to the car. But Father John, and his pink cake were nowhere to be seen. Wordlessly the pair leapt into the back, and the BMW took off.

As Bob reloaded, he saw his fellow officers running back toward their vehicles, but he didn’t have time to see how long it took them to get their squad cars moving. His attention was focused on the task at hand.

The task at hand? What exactly was he doing? Did he really just allow a group of citizens to help him chase down a literal monster? Is that something a Roller should do?

Bob suddenly found himself doubting his actions. How had he been convinced to go about this the way he had? Father John? Had a Priest really so easily riled them up? Bob turned to look at George.

Boston George had apparently learned from his previous pursuit of the Beast. He kept Lassie to the Thing’s right, avoiding the paths of ruined asphalt that he knew would be there. They were caught up to it by the time the Thing was passing Josselyn Avenue.

Bob and McDuff both took shots at the wheels, but only succeeded in further damaging the rusty beast’s hide. The Dumpster seemingly took no notice of them as it flew down the road, pushing sixty.

Then unexpectedly, the Thing suddenly took a hard left onto Wadesworth Lane, bouncing off the side of the Eagle’s Nest Grocer’s as it did so. George for all his driving skills could not take the turn quite so well.

He stomped on the brakes as he spun the wheel. The car slid. Mimicking the motions of the Dumpster, Lassie struck the side of Eagle’s Nest, but maintained her forward momentum.

“Lassie!” George cried out in horror.

“Where the Hell’s it going?!” McDuff shouted over the wind. His voice had lost its determined timbre.

Bob already thought that he knew the answer to that. After all, about a mile up the road was Eagle’s Nest Bay. But first there was a hill to climb, not that the Dumpster seemed to care. In fact it looked like it actually picked up speed as it went up the slope.

It was a steep one. Steep and tall, offering up a beautiful view of the Bay below. It was also a favorite for fitness freaks, but fortunately none of them were currently jogging or cycling up it.

No wait, there was someone on the sidewalk! Bob couldn’t tell who it was at this distance, but he saw them turn and run away from the street, kicking rocks as fast as they could across the unused field to the left.

The Dumpster seemed to have no appetite at the moment, and it continued to rocket up the hill. And Bob thanked God for that, because it surely could have easily caught the would-be jogger if it had wanted.

“Bab, what are we doing?” George asked in a voice that sounded much more like himself and not the super hero persona he’d put on for the last ten minutes.

Bob turned. Much like McDuff, the man had clearly lost that steely edge. It was as if scraping his beloved BMW against the side of Eagle’s Nest Grocer had sobered him up. Though he was still keeping the pedal down.

“Just back off a bit,” he heard himself saying. It was as if his reasoning abilities were returning to him one by one.

George did just that. No one offered any objections, as he eased off the gas slightly, putting about thirty feet between themselves and the Beast. They watched in awe as it reached the crest of the hill and launched itself over the other side and soared. through the air like the General Lee. For a moment time seemed to slow down. And in that brief time lapse Bob took it all in.

The roaring flames. The billowing plume of black smoke. The monstrous tentacles jutting out of the bottom of the rusty frame. Any second now, he was going to wake up. He was sure of it.

This had to all he a dream. It had to be! After all, he’d scored a date with Mary Barbadino! Which in retrospect had definitely been a sure sign that this was all in his head.

But then the Dumpster slammed into the ground on the other side with another deafening crash. The impact was so strong that it shook the car. And in that moment Bob knew that all this had to be real, since nothing could sound that loud in a dream.

Now on the downward slope of the steep hill, the Dumpster began rapidly picking up speed. The tentacles hardly had to do any work at all as it flew down the hill toward the bay, putting more distance between them.

“Jesus,.” Gretta said breathlessly from the front passenger seat. . “Why the fuck were we chasing that thing?”

The Dumpster became a blur of speed and flickering flame as it rolled downward. The Thing’s sheer weight, in combination with the wheels, allowed it to accelerate to incredible speed.

It cleared the remaining distance between itself and the entrance to the bay in a heartbeat, smashing through the chain link fence like papier-mâché. There was no heavy equipment in its path. And as they rolled down the hill, Bob could see the dock workers scattering.

Bob honestly couldn’t tell if the Dumpster had hit anyone on account of that God Damned plume of smoke. By the time Lassie was crossing over the ruined fence, the Dumpster had reached the edge of the land.

It raced across a dock, fortunately a far more sturdy construction than the bridge over Bluefish. Then it went off the edge, soaring out over the water.

The unbelievable momentum the monstrosity had gained on its mad race down the hill caused it to launch more than twenty feet out over the water before the rusty wheels touched the surface.

Then, as if to further defy reality, the Dumpster skipped across the water like a stone, bouncing once, twice. Then on the third time it hit the water, physics kicked in, and it went tumbling.

Flaming trash exploded outward in an awe striking display as the Dumpster flipped end over end. Bob couldn’t be sure, but between the flames and the white spray of water, he could swear that he saw the dark outline of some massive Thing fall out.

A second later the Dumpster lost its momentum and sank like a stone. A two ton stone that is. A great plume of bubbles and roiling water rose up to mark its final resting place.

The group pulled up close to the dock and got out. Behind them came the sounds of men shouting, and behind that were the sounds of rapidly approaching sirens.

The four just stood there in silence for a while, staring out at the water. The afternoon sun was reaching its zenith, casting the bay in its golden light.

It looked picturesque. Though Bob guessed that it would be a long time before anyone went swimming in the Bay again.

“Good work, Deputy!”

Father John’s words startled Bob out of his trance. He turned to see the Priest approaching with several police officers and other emergency responders. Bob noticed that the Priest no longer had his pink cake.

“You got here awful fast,” Bob heard himself saying, an accusatory tone in his voice, though he didn’t know why.

At this the Priest quirked an eyebrow. Then he let out a laugh and clapped a hand on the Deputy’s shoulder, having to reach somewhat upward to do so.

“Your actions and quick thinking drove the beast from this land,” Father John said, addressing the four companions. “Had it not been for your bravery I am sure that this foul creature would surely have done much more damage.”

Bob just looked at the little man. He felt like he was seeing the Priest in a new light. That smile that seemed perpetually plastered to his chubby face suddenly appeared more forced than genuine.

It was as if… As if…

“Officer Maxwell!” Bob turned to see Lieutenant Dan George, who he assumed was now his current ranking Commanding Officer, fast approaching. “What the hell happened here?! Where is the Sheriff?!”

The line of questioning was not intended to be intimidating. There was panic in the Lieutenant’s voice. The young man was not used to being in charge.

Bob began to explain all the events leading up to the Docks. He told him about Sheriff Copper being attacked. About the chase down Surplus Street and then Washington. As he did, Bob watched Father John slink off and out of sight.

Slink. No. That wasn’t the right word for it. For all their brief encounters, and by all accounts Father John was a pleasant man. Known for his charity work, and volunteering at the local soup kitchen in fact…

The End

Special Thanks to Katherine C for editing this story!


I’m woken up by the sound of my phone going off, I open my eyes to see my cheap apartment covered in the dim light of early day. Sighing, I sit up and slap my hand down on top of my phone, dragging it off my nightstand and on to my face.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Matt, it’s Ashley.”
Not even one sentence and it’s obvious what she wants, but I ask anyway,”What do you need?”
“Well, my friends and I sort of have plans for tonight so I was wondering if you could take my night shift?”
“Fine, I need the hours anyway, rent is due soon,” I add the last part more for my sake than hers, luckily I’m not working at all during the day, so I get to stay in and watch tv all day.
One cheap sitcom marathon later I’m gathering my work stuff and heading out the door. I work as a lifeguard at my apartment building’s pool. It’s a great job, all I need to do is take the elevator down and then I’m there. Like everything else in the building, the pool is run down and poorly maintained. It’s also oddly located, actually under the apartment building, completely underground and devoid of sunlight.
Exiting the elevator I walk down a short hallway and reach the plexiglass doors that lead to the pool. Inside, I see the familiar pale green tiles of the pool deck. What I do not see, however, is a lifeguard. Even though the pool is supposed to be open, and supervised, twenty-four-seven. Normally someone abandoning the pool is to be expected, but not during the peak hours of the evening. Which is another odd thing, I check my watch and it’s seven p.m; there are almost always people here at this time. I shrug and dismiss it as a lucky break. No people means no need to watch the pool.
I walk over to the lifeguard chair and plop down, ready for a very boring night shift. My eyes are caught by something on the chair handle, there are a few drops of blood. The previous lifeguard must have had to deal with some kid that had a bloody nose. That thought reminds me to check who the previous lifeguard actually was, the boss would be pretty pissed to find that someone had left the pool unattended. After consulting the schedule I’m surprised to find that Joe had been working. He’s the one person who I would not expect to leave without telling anyone, nothing that can be done about it now though.
After getting some disinfectant wipes, I go back and wipe the blood off of the chair, it’s not looking like anyone will show up so I allow myself to be lulled into sleep by the quiet drone of the fluorescent lights.
I have no idea how long I was asleep for, but I wake up to the sound of children laughing and giggling. I’m still so groggy from sleep I barely open my eyes, the pool is empty, no drowning kids, nothing to worry about. I’m content with this thought as the warm and humid air of the pool pulls me back into sleep.
The next time I wake up it is to the sound of silence, this time I check my phone and find that it is three in the morning. I had been asleep for over seven hours. That thought reminds me of those few groggy seconds when I had woken up, only now did it dawn on my how odd it was for there to have been children in the pool so late. The pool seemed to be devoid of children now, so it seems fine for me to go back to sleep. As I begin to shut my eyes my attention is once again drawn to the chair’s arm. There is more blood, I could have sworn that I had wiped it off, but apparently not. Getting out of the chair I notice that the floor is wet, there’s a trail of water leading from the pool right up to where I had slept. What had those kids been doing? I shrug it off and head to the supply closet.
A few minutes, and Clorox wipes, later the chair is clean and I head over to the trash can. As I throw the Clorox wipes in something at the bottom catches my attention. There, in the can, were the wipes I had used to clean off the previous blood droplets.
I knew that I had cleaned the chair, but where did the new blood come from? It must have been those kids, as the watery trail to the guard chair proved. The chair, however, tells a different story when I get back to it. There, on the armrest, are a few drops of blood.
A quick scan of the pool reveals that it is still empty, there’s no way any kids could have done it this time. It dawns on me, the blood is in little droplets, like it fell onto the chair. I slowly begin to look upwards and there, coming from the ceiling, is a very small, red, stain.
The ceiling is one of those paneled deals, with large sheets that can be pushed up to reveal the electrical and pipe work of the building. The blood is coming from the edge of one of those sheets. Sighing, I consider calling management, but I know it will take them weeks to do anything about it, probably some dead rodent, or maybe someone’s cat. Either way I don’t want disease ridden blood dripping on me, so I pull one of the plastic tables positioned around the pool under the dripping and climb on top of it.
I pull on some gloves, ready to clean up whatever it is, and then push the ceiling tile upward and slide it out of the way. I fully extent so my shoulders are completely in the ceiling. Only now do I realize I have no way of seeing anything in the dark, so I climb back down and get my phone. On the table again, I use my phone to light up the space. I see nothing at first, but as I turn around the light catches on something pale. My eyes widen in realization, it’s Joe, but this isn’t the Joe that I knew, this Joe is cold, pale, and very dead.
His entire throat is gone, torn out by who knows what, and on his face, is a small, bloody, handprint. Frantically calling for help on my phone, I stop when I hear a sound below me. Fear prevents me from moving as I hear giggling children and splashing in what had been an empty pool. I’m positive that I did not hear the pool door open.
The sound of splashing stops, it is replaced by the unmistakable sound of someone climbing out of the pool, followed by wet footsteps slapping on the pool deck. I’m stuck, frozen with fear, looking into the face of my dead co-worker as some unknown creature approaches me from the pool.
The footsteps stop, the only noise now is the low buzzing of the fluorescent lights, that and my terrified breathing. I don’t know how long I stand there, staring into the face of a dead man, too afraid to move. I’m pulled out of my terrified daze by something cold and wet grabbing onto my ankle. I freak out, I rip my leg out of whatever is holding onto it, but in the process I lose my footing. Falling onto the table I smack my head, as everything gets fuzzy and begins to fade into blackness I make out the silhouette of a child looking down on me. Unconsciousness rolls over me before I can do anything about it.
My eyes open and I’m still lying on the pool deck. The only sound is the continuous hum of the florescent lights, the initial grogginess wears off and I remember what happened. Rather than trying to stay and find out what happened, I do what I consider to be the logical thing and book it out of the pool. I sprint to the door and yank on the handle, it doesn’t budge. It’s not locked, the mechanism isn’t jammed, the door just refuses to move.
I’m thoroughly freaked out now, I walk back over to the lifeguard table, the ceiling tile is still pushed to the side, and there’s a significant puddle of blood near the lifeguard chair. Aside from making me gag it also makes me wonder how long I was out. A quick look at the wall clock reveals that it is seven in the morning, which means my replacement was due an hour ago. I lean over the schedule and read it to find that Ashley is supposed to be here. I think back to the phone call that brought me into the mess, which reminds me that I have my phone, how was I so stupid? I reach for it and hope to god that I can call for help, before my hand grasps the phone there is the sound of laughter and splashing in the pool behind me.
I really don’t want to turn around, that pool had just been empty and with all the crap going on I am quite positive that what I see in that pool will not be good, but curiosity wins out over fear, so I take a deep breath… and turn around.
The pool is empty, yet I still hear the sounds of children playing. The pool surface seems calm at first, but after a few seconds I start to make out a ripple in the center. The sounds of children grow louder, and as they do the ripples become more rapid. They keep getting louder and louder, the sounds of fun begin to turn to terror. The children’s screams no longer sound joyous, but horrified, blood boiling, like nails on a chalkboard. All the while the pool water becomes more disturbed, it’s no longer a ripple it is violently thrashing, starting to throw water onto the pool deck.. An impossible whirlpool begins to form in the pool, I stare in terror as a figure begins to rise out of the center.
At first it appears to be a child, but I instantly realize that’s wrong, it isn’t even human. Sure, it resembles a human, but it lacks any sort of color or distinguishable features, the figure is such a dark black that it almost seems to be two dimensional. I take an unconscious step back, my body desperate to be away from the creature, but my mind too captivated by the horror, and impossibility, of it.
Then it’s gone. No poof or anything, the figure that was in the pool is just gone. The screaming is gone, and the pool is no longer convulsing. I stand in shocked silence, eventually my mind recovers enough for me to move, again I decide to try the door. I turn to face it and I scream.
Something is coming through the door. “Holy shit, what is wrong with you, man?” Ashley says, staring at me like I’m crazy.
“You… The pool… Joe…”
“Damn Matt, the hell is up with you? Breath. ”
All I can think to say is, “You’re late.”
“Yeah man, so what, chill. It’s more money in your pocket anyway,” she says distractedly as her phone starts to buzz. She picks it up, “Hey, sup? Oh! Joe, you can take my day shift today? Hell yeah man! I owe you.”
How can she be talking to Joe? I turn to look back at the pool. Everything is normal, the pool deck is dry, there’s no blood dripping from the ceiling, even the table I had moved was back where it normally was. I’m pulled out of my daze by Ashley, “Yo, Matt, I got Joe taking my shift he should be here any minute. So I’m gonna head out. You should get some rest man, look like you seen a ghost or some shit.”
I just nod as she leaves, still staring dumbly at the very normal pool. A minute later the pool door creaks open behind me, “Hey Matt, how’s it going?”
He is alive, turning around and seeing him there made everything seem just a little bit better. All I can muster is to give him a nod and say, “Fine, I’m fine, Joe.”
Returning to my apartment I go straight to my bed and flop down face first. I must have had one hell of a dream, except it was so vivid. The last thing I do before I fall asleep is set my phone on the floor next to my bed.
Due to the fact that my phone is lying on the floor I do not notice it buzzing, just a text and first. Then multiple, then phone calls. It is not until eight hours later that I get up and check my phone to discover what is on it. Five new texts, all from Joe.
“Hey man, any idea where all these bloody Clorox wipes in the trash came from?”
“Matt, I know this sounds weird, but would you mind coming and keeping me company?”
“All right, there is some weird shit going on, I don’t know if this is some prank, but it ain’t funny man”
“Yo what the fuck is this? Answer my calls damn it, I know you’re doing this shit somehow”
“help”
The last text was from five hours ago. I get ready to go downstairs to try to check on him, a pit forms in my stomach as I see flashing red and blue lights in the parking lot. Three minutes later I am told by a police officer in the lobby that Joe was drowned in the pool and then seemingly had his throat cut. The only lead they have so far is a small, bloody hand print on his face.
I move to the other side of the country the following day.


“I had that dream again…”
I woke up in the middle of an empty street.
The city around me, unrecognizable and dead.
Skyscrapers stood rotting and falling apart.
Cars parked near shattered walkways lay rusted.
A sing building stood taller than all the rest.
Its frame, untouched by time, stood tall and looming.
It was just a regular building, yet I feared it with every fiber of my being.
I looked upon it and thought:
“Everything that is horrid and ugly in this existence lies within this building…”
I don’t know why I thought (knew) this.
Against my will I found myself walking toward the building.
As I moved closer and closer I began to see the front of the entrance of the structure.
There hung a sign above the entryway.
It glared a foreboding neon red and simply read “Hospital”.
It was like a child’s drawing…
A child doesn’t know that certain places have specific names.
They just label police stations as “Police Station” and stores as “Store”.
When I saw this sign I laughed (sobbed).
All I could think was:
“Hospitals have two sides to them. On one side you have the smiling two year old walking proudly out of doctor’s office with a band-aid on his shoulder and a lollipop in his hand. Then you have the other side, where the two year old doesn’t get the lollipop, instead he gets the news that he won’t live long enough to ever get another piece of candy again.”
And I laughed (cried) because this hospital only had that one side.
This is no place of healing; it’s a damn pit stop before you’re on your way to the pearly gates in the sky (the fires of hell).
There were no smiling faces in this hospital.
No excited children telling mothers or fathers about how brave they were when they got their seasonal shots.
No wives telling anxious husbands that a little bundle of joy was on the way.
There were only mothers and fathers crying and sobbing as the doctor placed the white sheet over their child’s face.
Only crying wives sobbing to their husbands because they had miscarried for the third time.
Hell, even the doctors that worked here wouldn’t be the kind, gentle healers we all know.
They are cold, heartless, and uncaring:
“Oh I’m sorry sir/mam, your loved one has fallen into a coma and we had to put him/her on life support. Of course, we later found out that your insurance won’t cover this so could you please let us pull the plug, you’re costing this hospital money.”
Of course all of this was just my imagination.
There are no people in that hospital, be they doctor or patient.
No one could survive in that godforsaken place.
My feet started moving again.
I was horrified to find that I was moving closer and closer to the door:
“Oh God, please no! Cut off my limbs, gauge out my eyes! ANYTHING! But don’t force me into this place”
I screamed and raved in my head, but my legs would not obey me.
I placed my hands on the handle and opened the door.
Immediately, a foul stench filled my nostrils.
It smelled like daisies and rotting flesh.
The smell of someone trying to hide filth and taint under a blanket of cheap air freshener.
I gagged and the inside of my stomach lurched.
I managed to gain control of my legs and turned to leave as fast as I could.
I stared in horror; the door was no longer there.
I screamed…then stopped, a voice filtered into my head:
“Hello, what’s your name? Are you here to visit me? I’m so lonely.”
The voice was childlike and, if you didn’t pay attention to it, then it would almost seem pleasant.
But I focused, my fear forced me to, and I heard the voice behind the voice.
It sounded horrifying, like the screams of a thousand agonized and tortured souls all condensed into one sound.
It was the sound of insanity.
The voice spoke again:
“Hello, are you going to visit me? I’m not far; just take the elevator to the 13th floor. I’m the only one there.”
I hated this child’s (thing’s!) voice.
It drove rusted nails into my ears and shards of glass straight into my mind.
This child (monster!) is the reason this hospital (grave) felt so dead, so disgusting.
But I lost control of my body once again.
I moved to the elevators, the doors instantly opened.
I stepped inside, the doors closed and for a moment my heart stopped.
I looked to the elevator’s control panel.
There was only one button.
A floor button.
The 13th floor.
Ironic isn’t it; so many elevators skip the 13th floor but this one only went to the 13th
My hand extended and my finger pushed the button.
The elevator lurched and I could hear the wires above strain to carry their load.
I feared the wires would snap and I would fall to my death (though in the back of my head I almost wished I would just fall so I wouldn’t have to face the patient of floor 13).
The elevator moved slowly and I felt eternity pass me by before it halted to a stop with a recognizable “ding” (a death toll).
The doors slid open and I stepped into the hallway.
The air was cold here and it seemed that no one tried to hide the scent of decay here.
The lights were dim and the paint on the walls was pealing.
A cockroach scuttled into a hole in the wall only for a rat to follow a second later.
The walls were bare and I could see no rooms.
I turned to my left and began to walk down the hall.
I came to a stop in front of the only door on this floor.
I stared at the door; the plaque on it read “1303”.
Below the plaque, a poem (warning) was engraved onto the wood of the door (scratched out by a dying soul).
“Here lies the bad thing.
Among the monsters he is king.
Murderers, rapists, psychopaths his kin.
Stare not at the endless rows of teeth in his grin.
Walk away if you can, run away.
Open not this door; let not the voice of the bad thing make you sway”
I wish I could follow that piece of advice.
I felt my hand move (why does my body keep betraying me?).
I thrust out my other hand still under my control and clutched at the traitorous limb.
The child (bad thing) spoke again:
“Why are you taking so long, sir (HURRY THE FUCK UP)? I am so lonely (OPEN THE GODDAMNED DOOR). Please come inside (YOU PIECE OF SHIT! I’LL KILL YOU! I’LL RIP YOU APART).”
I could hear the other voice clearly now (insanity’s voice).
It screamed and threatened me.
It lashed like an animal on short chain.
It wanted out.
I was afraid, I was more afraid than I have ever been in my life.
Sweat trickled down my neck where veins bulged with fear induced adrenaline.
My arms shaking, my right fighting against my left to keep me from opening the door (seal).
My right hand was cramping, it was getting harder and harder to keep a hold of my left hand (traitor).
“Sir, are you still their? (YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU BETTER STILL FUCKING BE THERE!) Please open the door; it’s been so long since anyone visited (FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT OPEN THE DOOR!).
The clashing of that childlike voice with the voice of a thousand screams was nauseating.
Tears welled up in my eyes and fell down my cheeks.
I couldn’t stand it anymore.
I screamed and let go of my hand that strained to grab the door knob.
My left hand instantly shot out of my grip and took a hold of the knob.
My eyes watched on in horror as my hand slowly turned the door knob.
I heard the click of the door (the loudest sound I had ever heard).
Slowly, I pushed the door inward and stood before the bed in the center of the room.
In the bed lied a sickly little boy.
Tubes in his mouth and IVs in his arms.
A heart monitor stood beside the bed.
It beeped at a slow tempo (does this monster even have a heart).
I looked at the child and for all appearance’s sake he looked normal.
But I knew, as I looked at him, I knew that what was in that bed was not a child.
It wasn’t even human.
The child/monster/thing opened his/its eyes and I nearly collapsed to my knees.
There were no eyes, just two pieces of a broken mirror shoved into bloody sockets.
I saw my reflection in those eyes, but not a reflection of how I currently was.
I saw a reflection of myself, bloodied and battered, my eyes gone and my chest torn open to reveal my still beating heart.
“Hello sir, I am so glad you came to visit…NOW I CAN EAT YOU.”
The childlike voice was gone.
The monster ripped the tubes from its mouth to reveal not teeth but row after row of syringe needles dripping with fluid (venom).
I screamed and I screamed but I could not move.
The beast lunged from the bed and tackled me to the floor and as my head hit the tile all I could think was:
“You look an awful lot like my son, kid.”
I woke up.
I got out of bed, body drenched in a cold sweat, my lungs were out of breath.
I walked out of my room and into the hallway.
I walked until I reached my son’s room and opened the door.
I stepped inside and walked to my son’s bed.
I leaned down, caught with the sudden urge to kiss my son’s head and reassure myself that he is fine.
I smiled at him, all of my fear vanishing, replaced by the unconditional love I had for my son.
I turned to leave never noticing my son smile revealing needle teeth and opening his mirror eyes.

The End


Joanna thought she looked better than usual today. She ran her fingers through her long, limp, once beautiful red hair, thinking about how the sun would reflect in it. How Ben once said she looked beautiful.

It felt like a dream. It didn’t happen to her.

“What’s the plan today, kid?”
Of course she always asked that. Becky always wanted to know what Joanna had on her mind. Always, always, incessantly. Joanna sometimes wanted Becky to go jump off a bridge, literally.
“I dunno. Dinner’s in a half hour. Rec time at seven. Maybe I’ll go for a walk around the lake.”
“That’s dumb. Stay here with me. I’ve got some more stories to tell you.”
“I don’t want to hear any more of your stories.”
“Don’t you like them?”
“No.”
“Well they’re all from up here,” Becky said, pointing at her temple. “How could you not like ‘em?”
Joanna sighed, slowly pulling herself up from her chair.
“I think I’m going to go take that walk now.”

She looked towards the floor length mirror hanging across the room. She saw the empty chair in the dimming light, the chair where Becky usually sat. But she knew there was really no Becky. Her meds were just wearing off.

She walked down the dimly lit corridor after closing the door slowly behind her. The mental health center had been built in the 50’s and everything was old, from the tiles in the floor to the faded posters on the wall.

Joanna didn’t mind though, because her overactive mind painted a whole new center for her every day. Sometimes it was a Renaissance castle in the south of France, some days an Italian market.

She would make friends with the Dauphin or chat with the grocers, arguing with Alberto over the quality of his cabbage. Of course these people did not exist, but Joanna didn’t care. They were more interesting than Becky.

She walked towards the lake, the sun glowing red on the murky water. She could barely make out her reflection in the surface.

She saw her eyes ringed with dark circles from sleepless nights and hallucinations. Her cheeks were pale and there were long, thin scratches on her forehead from her nails. She had once been homecoming queen. Not anymore.

“Mirror mirror,” she whispered.

She took a breath and plunged headfirst, the last sign of her existence a mere ripple, the whisper of a splash.


They were on their hands and knees staring into the large gash in the ground. Mallory gripped the loose gravel at the lip of the hole under his calloused fingers, and his nose flared up from the rolls of dust cascading up his snot sloshing nostrils. Charcoal caked their faces. Benjamin’s was blacker than the canopy of darkness over the splintered out barn roof. The sky’s hue shifted like a panther’s fur rolling in the shadows of fanning jungle leaves.

And Mallory nudged Benjamin with his dirt matted shoulder again, which Benjamin ignored again, and a loose board fell from the buckled open barn ceiling again. Water had collected over its white painted roof and soaked into its boards, eventually causing its ceiling to cave, smashing two cows dead, and one pig unconscious. The floor was wet.

The barn animals ignored the two men.
Benjamin said to Mallory, “Your arms are larger.”
Mallory said, “What has that got to do with anything?”
“Means you’ve got more of a hulk of muscle,” Benjamin replied. “Logic, logic: so you creep down there.”
Mallory shook his head.

They were staring at a pair of glowing maroon orbs moving around deep in the belly of the hole. The orbs vanished in a blink, and would reappear in another. Mallory shifted his soggy knees in the mud.

“What are they?” Benjamin asked.
“I told you when you asked last,” Mallory said, “I haven’t the foggiest clue.”
“What do you suppose?”
“I don’t suppose anything,” Mallory’s feathered eyebrows scrunched down and the creases at the edges of his mouth fell into a bulldog’s frown. “Supposing never got any guy anywhere.” He supposed that was true.

Benjamin scratched at a flaky scab stinging behind his ear. The two continued to sit there like tables, their palms in the dirt, knees in the mud, and rears asking for a kick into the maw of the hole. Benjamin scratched behind his ear again. His muddy fingers were stained mahogany, and he supposed the back of his ear probably looked something like a seeping volcano. At this moment, the scab was infected.

“How big do you suppose it is, Mal?” Benjamin asked.
“I told you, I don’t suppose anything,” Mallory snapped. “Haven’t you got a revolver in your truck, boy?”
Benjamin shook his head and said, “Just the roofing materials.” Benjamin placed the base of his palm against the oozing scab behind his ear and squinted from its sting. He held it there for a while. “Why are you so scared, Mal?” He asked, and glared at the dripping plastic brim of Mallory’s hat.
“It’s dark down there. I’m not risking my hide if those globes turn out to be a pair of cuddling fireflies,” Mallory said. “I guess you shouldn’t either, in that respect.” Mallory lifted his hat for a moment and pushed his water wrinkled fingers through his thinning hair, which was sopping with a mixture of sweat and rainwater. “But what if they’re valuable, like gems, or whatever?”
“Or whatever?” Benjamin asked.
“Luxuries,” Mallory smiled for a moment, showing a silver tooth at the corner of his mouth. “And what if we let them slip when they were right at our fingertips.” He shoved a hand down the front of his pants to fix the way his clothing clung to his legs. “The only thing worse than death is letting good things fall into less deserving hands than your own,” Mallory said.
“Then you’re going down?” Benjamin asked.
“In what sense?” Mallory replied. He burped. “Never mind,” he quickly added, then continued with, “You know, kid, you ask a lot of questions.”
“That’s the best way to learn, isn’t it?” Benjamin replied. “From questions?”
“It’s the best way to learn how to dig yourself your grave.” Mallory showed his teeth in a grand smile and said, “Bring me that nail gun in the back of the truck. You remembered to bring it, right?”

Benjamin did remember, and reluctantly, he brought it to Mallory.
“You wait at the lip of this hole, you understand?” Mallory said, testing the nail gun on one of the wooden wall panels of the barn. The animals glanced over at Mallory and sighed.
Mallory slipped down into the hole and some pebbles followed him down for the first few steps of his descent.

“What happened to this one?” The doctor asked one of the nurses.
She explained, “He was found on the side of the road with his head buried in his steering wheel and the horn blaring.” She knew he was staring at her tightly covered breasts. They were frequent clients to each other’s novelties. “And he was unconscious,” she added.
“Well of course he was unconscious,” the doctor laughed and smiled a bit. “So what specifically killed him? Trauma from the accident, or what?”
“Look here,” the nurse said, and turned the corpse on its side. There was a large pulsing crater on the back of his head. “Sepsis.”
“Um,” the doctor said, and his eyebrows rose. “Interesting.”
“Yes,” the nurse replied and nodded after a short, awkward moment of silence.
“Well, I want to take a closer look at this one,” the doctor said, and gripped the side of the metal gurney. “Oh, and bring me any identification, or belongings that this man may have had with him.” And he began rolling the corpse on an almost-expense-free ride down the white blanketed halls of the hospital.
“Doctor,” the nurse said. She was still following him. “Aren’t you interested in the other one?”
“Other one?” The doctor said. “Well, wheel him in,” he said. He rotated his wrist around in an almost mocking way, signaling to the nurse to ‘hurry up’. “Time isn’t at our disposal to waste, dear.” The doctor winked.
“You’ll have to come down and see him where he is,” she replied. She stuffed her hands in either of her coat pockets. The intercom blared.
“What?” The doctor released the gurney from his grip and frowned at her. “Why?”
“Um, well,” she said, “he’s sort of been divided into many, many pieces.”


Even though there’s been no need to fear it for years, kids in The Villages at Parkside still move pretty quickly past 2227 Indiana Avenue,.  Mrs. Yearts still lives there, but DJ got shipped off to a military boarding school years ago, and he graduated a little before me.  He stuck with that lifestyle and enlisted, or so my parents told me.  DJ and I didn’t keep in touch.

DJ once ruled our neighborhood with an iron fist, at least in terms of the children.  Ruled actually seems a little benevolent, a more proper term is terrorized.  Terrorized with an iron fist.  Built a little bigger and stronger than his peer group, he unfortunately coupled this with an almost sadistic mean streak.  My father used to say that his mother treated him terribly, and DJ’s father either left or died, I never found out which.  Either way he seemed determined to take it out on the world.

DJ and I actually shared something in common in that we two didn’t go to the local Catholic school just up the street from me.  Nearly all the kids in the neighborhood did, and I still played on its church soccer team, so I knew most of the guys that way.  But that left DJ as the real odd man out.  I don’t want to provide any excuses, because I still hate the kid that he was, but now I can empathize a little better, just due to age and experience.

On the way back from one of those soccer practices a group of us left the park together and started scattering back to our respective homes.  A fall sport, soccer practices often run until nearly dark, especially later in the year.  We were still in middle school then, but our coach worked us as hard as any high school coach I would later play under and we didn’t go home until our water bottles lightened to empty and our legs sagged beneath us.  Even though he pushed us hard, our coach remained as adamant about leaving the park before dusk, just as our parents did.
“Park closes at dusk, boys. It’s illegal for us to stay any later.” he would tell us, and even though it made no sense that a group of twelve year olds would get arrested for playing soccer in a public place designated for that purpose, we scurried home anyway and made sure not to come back, not that we wanted to.

On this particular evening we stayed right to the brink before the coach told us to pack it in, and five of us, exhausted and the last group to leave, trudged back, knocking our cleats against the curb occasionally to try and kick a little mud off.  We generally accepted our neighborhood to consist of ten blocks that ran perpendicular to Bracey Avenue, which we walked down with a red sliver of a sun still at our backs.  Bracey formed a kind of spine for the neighborhood with five vertebral blocks branching off, and up at the third vertebrae we could see a dark outline throwing things at trees and lampposts, a favored pastime of our old nemesis.  We all nervously looked at each other.  DJ was a couple years older than us, already in high school, and big on top of that.  Because our soccer league grouped us by two years, the team consisted of mainly sixth and seventh graders with a couple of young eighth graders thrown in, which made us now the oldest cohort.  A couple of years ago we might have waited for the kids his age to finish practice and come up behind us, but those days were gone, they all went to high school and practiced with their high school teams, no longer in our local park.  DJ didn’t practice at all; we’d heard he was kicked off his school’s football team for starting fights, but no one knew any specifics or really worried about it.  We did worry, though, about the large figure up ahead that we didn’t want to run into.

The other four looked to me.  I, too, ranged a little above average for my age, though not big enough to stand chin to chin with DJ.  Perhaps chin to nose.  I scuffed my cleat against the ground.  I didn’t really have any skin in this fight; DJ patrolled the space between the third and fourth streets just now and my house sat on the second.  So did Ben’s, and while DJ currently occupied the left side of Bracey Avenue, Harry and Pat lived on the third street, but on the right side.  Only Jake, out on the fifth street, showed open fear.

“He’s not gonna do anything.” I said.  “He’s too busy throwing rocks.”

Ben, Harry, and Pat all looked relieved, but Jake surely did not.  “Guys, I have to walk past him all by myself.  Last time I did he ripped my soccer jersey.  Plus he took one of my cleats and my dad had to go get it back.”  The fear and pleading in Jake’s voice made us all uncomfortable.

“It’s not that bad.”  I muttered and focused on my cleats.

“Guys…” Jake said, his eyes looking around at each of us in turn, but we all saw much more interesting things in other directions.  No one moved off though, all of us knowing we needed to look out for our own.

Inspired by the classic fox-rabbit-carrot puzzle, I came up with a plan.  “Guys, let’s all walk with Jake down to his house, and then the four of us can walk to Indiana, so Harry and Pat, you guys can go up your street, and then Ben and I will walk back to McClellan together.  I looked around and got nods from everyone except Ben.

“I live further up McClellan than you.  I’ll be the last one out on the street.”  He sounded legitimately scared and I sighed, knowing I would need to bite the bullet on this.

“Fine.”  I replied.  “I can run faster than you, so I’ll walk up to your place with you and then run back home.”

“Ok.” Ben agreed.  I swallowed, knowing that this might put me in a bad spot, but I was the biggest; maybe DJ would think twice about going for me, and I thought I could outrun him anyway.

The five of us stayed on the right side of Bracey Avenue and held our breath as we walked past DJ, but he paid us no mind, focusing his ire instead on a lamppost that showed quite a few dings already.  None of us spoke the entire way to Jake’s house, but when he got there he gave us a relieved look and said “Thanks guys.”  He sprinted up the steps and ran in his front door as we walked away, back down the street.

In retrospect, I know exactly what we should have done, gone up to the main road that ran past our neighborhood.  It ran parallel to Bracey and could take us all safely home without ever setting foot anywhere near DJ.  But that road, Hartford, was crowded and busy, and our parents instructed us to use Bracey.  Neighborhood bullies scared them less than possible abductors on the main roads, and we remained blindly obedient.

“Wait.” said Harry.  “Let’s cut through here.”  Two yards without fences lay to our left, so we snuck through in the growing dark, over to the fourth street.
“Let’s find another yard to cut through.  If the MacKenzies took Chester inside, we can go through their yard, and the house behind them doesn’t have a fence.” said Pat.
“Wait.” I said.  The streets were silent except for the dull roar of cars coming from the main drag.  Staying low, I crept down the street a little so I could see Bracey again.  I came back and told them “DJ’s gone.  I think he went home.  Let’s just use Bracey.”

Pat looked doubtful, but the other two readily agreed.  We got to Indiana without incident, and Pat and Harry turned off and headed up their street.  “See you Thursday.” Ben called after them, and they waved their acknowledgement back.
“Maybe we can get Pat’s brother to come down to the park on Thursday.” I said hopefully to Ben.

“Pat said he doesn’t get home until after seven from football practice…”  Ben replied.  Pat’s brother, Chris, once ranked as our best defense against DJ.  Now a junior in high school and a JV footballer he could still ward of DJ easily, but no longer had the time.

“Damn.” I said glumly.  “I wish his mother would send him to military school.  Everyone keeps saying she’s going too.”

Ben nodded his agreement, but didn’t say anything.  That rumor circulated every couple of months, but we first heard it two years ago.  DJ didn’t seem to be going anywhere.  We arrived at McClellan and made a left, then stopped dead.  Here came DJ, walking right towards us, maybe twenty feet away.  I restarted my stride, and after a second, Ben did too, but too late.  DJ smelled the fear and stopped and stared at us from three feet away on the sidewalk.  We didn’t even bother to try and walk past him.

By now a pattern stood long since established, so DJ didn’t feel the need to taunt us or provoke us.  “Gimme that ball.” He demanded of Ben.

Ben couldn’t help but stare at him as he handed his dingy soccer ball over to DJ.  DJ took it and threw it over our heads so that it landed on Bracey.  “Go get it.” he said to me.

“You don’t throw a soccer ball.” I said disdainfully.  “You kick it.”

DJ faked throwing his shoulders at me like he was going to tackle me, but held back.  I jumped back about three feet anyway.  “Go get it.” he snarled, laughing now.

I turned and jogged towards the ball.  It wasn’t terribly far away, but I could feel Ben’s eyes on my back, accusing me for abandoning him.  I guess I stopped feeling them at some point because I heard Ben yell “Hey!” I kept going and grabbed the ball about ten seconds later and started running back, but too late.  DJ knocked Ben to the ground the second I left and pulled off his cleats, apparently a tactic he was growing to favor.  This time though, he had the cleats in hand, a clumsy knot tied between two of the laces.  Ben got off the ground and ran into him full steam.  It knocked DJ back a step, but he quickly recovered and shoved Ben back to the ground easily.  Now Ben watched with tears in his eyes as DJ threw the cleats up in the air.  They revolved around and around, nearly became tangled in a tree branch, and thudded back to earth right in front of DJ.

I got back right as DJ released the cleats and, ignoring my former admonition of him for throwing the soccer ball with his hands, heaved the ball with all my might right at him.  I aimed for his torso, thinking it the easiest to hit, but I played soccer for a reason.  My throw went high and hit him right in the face, then bounced upwards.  Surprised at this show of defiance, he still managed to catch the ball before it hit the ground and made as if to sling it right back at me.  I went up on my toes and prepared to dodge, but he pulled it down with a growl and laughed at us.
“Now I’ve got your ball too, you little dumbasses.”  He threw it up towards the tree a couple times, but it failed to catch either.  He recovered it each time it bounced back down, though Ben and I each made an attempt for it.

“Alright, well I’m keeping it, then.” he said, and started trotting past us, towards Bracey.  For good measure, he grabbed Ben’s shoes.

“HEY!” I screamed at him, as angry and upset as I’d ever been.  “That’s not yours!”

“It is now.  I’m gonna throw it in the forest.”

That set me back on my heels.  “You can’t.  It’s after dark.  You’re not allowed in the park after dark.”  That simple rule defined a large part of my life.

“I go in the park after dark all the time.” bragged DJ.

“No you don’t.” I said.  “No one does.”

“I do.  Watch me.”  DJ started back the way we came from earlier.

Ben stood behind me.  “Did he say he was throwing those in the park?”  The fright was apparent.

“I don’t know.  C’mon.  Let’s stay behind him and watch.  Be ready to run.”  I warned.  I didn’t want to lose my cleats any more than Ben wanted to lose his.

We were only about a block from the park, but DJ went over a little further, up the street that bordered the park, away from me and Ben’s houses.  I saw what he planned.  The fields where we played soccer sat in a low spot, surrounded on three sides by hills, and the fourth side by a creek.  Two of the hills had roads built on top of them that created the edge of the fields.  But the high side was covered by thick trees and brush and abutted the road.  DJ didn’t intend to go in the park.  He would just stand in the road and throw the gear into the forest.  When I saw this, I made a run at him, but I got there way too late.  He threw the ball into the forest and laughed at me.  The cleats followed, revolving around and around, before wrapping around a tree branch.

“Go get it.” he teased.

Ben and I looked at each other.  We didn’t want to go in there, we weren’t supposed to, not by any means, but how could we let DJ walk away having disposed of Ben’s cleats and his ball?  I trudged towards the forest determinedly.  At the street there was a steep dropoff into the forest, but it was late fall and most of the brush was dead, so I thought I could see where I was going.  A street lamp burned behind me, and with its help I thought I could just see the ball.  DJ was big and had a good arm, but the forest was pretty thick.  I turned around to find DJ looking at me expectantly and Ben right behind me.

“You don’t have to go in.” I said.  “You don’t have cleats on.”

“No.” he replied.  “It’s my ball.”

We went to the steep edge and started inching down it on our butts.  We recognized it would be tough to get back up, but lots of dead shrubs and roots protruded around us, and in the worst case we could pick our way back down to the field and come up the same slope we used to leave soccer practice.  Some of the shrubs were thorny, and we when we got to the bottom, Ben stepped on one with stocking feet.  “Ow!” he exclaimed.  I looked back.  I could see DJs silhouette at the top of the slope behind us.

“C’mon” I said.  “Let’s get this and go home.”

We started picking our way over to where DJ threw the ball when we both heard a twig snap to our left.  We both froze.

“What was that?” asked Ben in a whisper.  I suddenly realized how dark it was in here and how little that street lamp helped.

“Nothing.” I said, as my heart raced.  “Just a dead branch falling.”

I took a step forward and snapped a twig myself, and Ben’s arm came shooting out to grab mine.  I yelped at this and he shushed me.  “You grabbed me.”  I groused.
“Arthur, I think we should go back.” he whispered, clearly very fearful.
I felt inclined to agree.  “Ok.  We’ll get it tomorrow.  Or get your dad to come down.”

We turned around to get back to the slope.  We were only maybe fifteen feet in, but we both suddenly thought that was too far.  The hill was steep and the street looked unreachable.  Ben started running before I did, but he stepped on another thorn bush and came up lame.  I took two steps past him before I turned around to see him limping along, maybe five feet ahead of two glowing red eyes and a pair of shiny white teeth illuminated by the street lamp.

I didn’t even yell.  I just ran straight for the hill with all my strength, two hour soccer practice forgotten.  Ben must have seen the fear in my eyes, must have known something was wrong.  I heard his footsteps behind me until I reached the hill.  My cleats dug into the same wet clay that had stuck to them so well earlier that day and I scampered up the hill, tree roots and thorns alike tearing into my suddenly bloody hands.  I don’t know what happened to Ben.  I don’t know if cleats might have saved him that day or if he never even made it to the hill, but I ran as fast as I could back to where we first encountered DJ before I realized what I’d done.  Horrified, I ran back the other way, slowing as I approached the border street.  I didn’t see DJ anywhere.  I approached the edge of the park, slowly, listening for any sound.  I heard one.  A dull crunching sound came from below me, coupled with occasional growling.  It was too much for me I turned tail and ran again, never even looking down the slope properly.

I arrived home a nervous wreck, shaking and crying, but I got my story out quickly, or at least the important part.  The second my father heard we’d been in the park after dark he left me in the care of my mother and strode towards the door, pulling a sturdy walking stick out of the umbrella stand as he left.  I knew that walking stick.  My father bought it when he visited Great Britain, and when he came back he showed me the sharp metal tip and sheathed axe head, all designed to ward off or kill any wild animals a hiker might come across in the rural areas of Scotland, where my family was from.

The fallout from this episode was tremendous.  The news services made an ungodly amount of noise about animal control.  My mother didn’t let me leave the house for a month on account of their hounding.  The coroner’s report came out about the first time that I went back to school, and though the coroner noted that whatever killed Ben necessarily must be the biggest feral dog ever seen, the bites and such were consistent with such an attack.  Forest rangers called in from national parks combed the park for weeks, never finding so much as a track.  Finally, they called the search off, claiming the thing must have moved on.

I quit the soccer team after that, and stopped seeing my neighborhood friends.  They didn’t mind; I scared them all almost as much as the park now.  I told my story to the police and my mother told me that a few days later DJ got shipped off to military school.  A couple years later high school signaled a general return to normalcy for me, as my notoriety wore off.  My neighborhood friends all went to the Catholic institutions that usually followed a career at the local Catholic school, while I continued in the public school system.  I picked soccer back up in high school, and when we occasionally played their teams, my old friends didn’t acknowledge me.  I returned the favor, not wanting to dredge up what happened, not wanting my new high school friends to think of me differently.  I went to college, joined a frat, got a degree, and put the whole thing behind me.  I moved out of my parents’ house as soon as I graduated and lived too far away to visit frequently.

But last year I drove home to the old neighborhood, the day before Thanksgiving, and as I got out of the car I saw a short, muscular figure come out from behind a large bush to greet me.  DJ, it turned out, wasn’t that big, he’d been held back a couple times and I now towered over him, but that didn’t bother him.  While I tried to forget that night, he spent the last decade plus trying to piece it together.

“What do you want?”  I asked sharply.  I didn’t know what kind of grudges DJ might harbor.

“McClellan.” He said to me.  “Do you know where your street gets its name?”

I shrugged.  “The civil war general, I would guess.”

He nodded gravely.  “That’s right.  He fought battles all along this area, trading blows with Lee.  But unlike Lee, a large part of his army was made up of immigrants.”

“Irish.”  I said.  “Running from English laws and some earlier ones from the potato famine.”  I doubted DJ could outflank me on history.

“Exactly, but not all of them.  Scotsmen and Englishmen came here too, and some joined up with the army.  Some of them died here.”

I shook my head.  “I’ll give you that.”

He took a deep breath.  “What did you see the night Ben died?”

I looked at him hard-eyed.  “A bully who tormented children until he got one killed.”  My voice came out cold and flinty.

DJ took a step back.  He must have known that was coming, but the pain on his face still showed.  “I know that.  I understand that now.  But I haven’t come to make amends, not yet.  There’s still something else I need to do.”

“What?” I asked, my voice still frosty.

“Have you ever heard of a Barghest?”  I flinched, and he knew he could continue.  “Some legends say that a Barghest comes about when a Scots or Englishman is killed unjustly, or his remains go unburied, and the Barghest roams the forests and hills near his body, seeking vengeance.”

Over the past years I mostly released my memories of that night, but the demonic red eyes and glinting ivory mouth still haunted my dreams from time to time.  A morbid curiosity and unlimited access to the internet told me what I didn’t want to know.

“That’s ridiculous.” I snapped. “Don’t try to blame this on some dead soldier from a bygone era.  You killed Ben, by way of some animal.  You just feel guilty”

“I didn’t kill Ben.”  DJ intoned slowly.  “I made a mistake, but I didn’t kill him.  But I am going to find whatever did.”

“The rangers searched that place for weeks.  They never found a thing.”

DJ shook his head.  “They never looked at night.  And they never went when it was hungry.”

“Hungry?”

“I looked up the records.  Animal attacks and missing persons are not uncommon near that park.  Don’t you remember how we were warned to stay out of it after dark?  Even me, by my neighbors.  Everyone knows, but no one knows why or does anything to find out.  In the past century and a half since the Civil war, records indicate 16 people killed by feral animals or missing in that park.  No other park in a similar setting can even match half of that.  Maybe a couple of those missing people aren’t victims of the Barghest.  That’s 14.  That’s one every decade, except this one.”  DJ looked me dead in the eye.  “The Barghest is hungry.  It’s out to kill.  But this time, it’s getting more than it bargained for.”  DJ handed me a package.  “Open this if I don’t come back.”

I grimaced.  “DJ….”

He turned, but I found I had nothing to say.  “Good luck.”  I finished.

He gave a curt nod.  “Thanks.”

When daylight broke three days later and stories of an AWOL infantry man found savaged near his childhood home started appearing on the news, I went for a walk.  I’d opened DJ’s package and found his years of meticulous notes and research.  I could see why he thought he’d stood a chance.  I stood at the same spot where he’d decreed Ben’s fate, and yes, his own and stared blankly into the woods; blankly at a pair of child’s soccer cleats, swinging in the wind on a tree branch. A scrap of DJ’s research came back to me “Barghest are meticulous hunters, never forgetting a scent, never forgetting a potential prey.”

I stared blankly at my future.

I stared blankly at a pair of white cleats stained red with blood.


Alien Invasion 1905

This is a video pasta. If the embedded video is not loading for you, please click the link above to go directly to the video’s YouTube page and try watching it there.


There was a time when I believed running might help; if I could pack up my few belongings and burn the rest under cover of darkness and flee, I could start over somewhere new. But in this bleak frostbitten place, I admit to myself, truly, that I cannot outrun him, that I can never escape him. And should I slip into the warm embrace of doubt after an unnaturally long stretch of peaceful, empty days, he will be only too happy to remind me of this.

There’s almost nothing left he can take from me. The days before him are fading like an aged photograph now, a hazy yellow dream of stability and happiness with a long future of happy possibilities stretched ahead. Today, I am huddled in the eaves of a collapsing barn in the Yukon Territory, desperately trying to start a fire with sodden and rotting hay. The more I burn now, the less I have to use as a blanket. It is a delicate balance that I have not quite mastered.

I hitchhiked across the border two months ago, and have been making my way north steadily. Going any other direction than north is no longer an option. I do not know what I will do when I reach the Artic Ocean. Perhaps continue across the sea ice, if it has not thinned to the point of breaking. What I cannot do, ever, is return to my life, to Seattle. I can never see my son again.

It seems absurd to think that just less than a year ago, my life was unfractured, whole. The pieces of my life were trite and predictable. I was an insomniac, and used to lie awake staring at the ceiling, chewing over my doubts and secret fears: that I may not be able to keep up house payments, that I may not love my wife any longer, that I would repeat my father’s failures with my son. These phantoms of doubt and fear filled my bleeding stomach with ragged holes that I recall now with almost fond nostalgia. How easy it all was, then.

The manila envelope was stuffed in the mail slot when I rose to prepare breakfast for my son. Unlabeled, unaddressed, only my name was written on it in jagged capitals. It contained one black VHS cassette, its label long ago faded and blurred. Over the top of the label was a black ink smiley face, blindly grinning up at me.
It took me a day to find our VCR in the small attic crawlspace, bundled with a few dozen home movies of our son’s soccer games and birthday parties. Late at night, long after my family had drifted off to sleep, I connected it to our television. It whirred to life with a sharp smell of burning dust, and I inserted the tape.
For a few moments, the static leapt and fizzled on the screen, then blackness. The silent image began to brighten to a washed out shot of an elementary school parking lot at the start of day, and the picture zoomed into a small group of children among the chaos, and I recognized my son and a few of his friends. I began to wonder if I had accidentally retrieved one of our old tapes, when, almost as an answer, the camera tilted forward into the inside of a car. The zoom lens racked forward on a crisp copy of the Times and lingered momentarily on the date. Two days prior. My guts curdled with unease as the screen again went dark. A few seconds later, letters appeared, the bright and jagged electronic font of cheap in-camera titles.
YOU CAN’T SAVE HIM.
My insides turned to ice water and I slumped in the couch, my limbs feeling distant and useless. The letters vanished in a gust of static.
I did not tell my wife, and certainly never told my son, but I drove to the police station in the morning. The heavy oppressive dread of the night before had somewhat dissipated as I handed over the tape to the jowly and half asleep officer, and answered a few mumbled questions. He registered my concern with condescending impatience, and I eventually had to clasp my jaw and walk out quietly when I realized he would never view it as anything but a harmless prank.
Two days later, with the unease in my stomach waning little, I received another tape, adorned with the same grinning cartoon. The image that this time resolved out of the static was a hallway, painted in night vision and gloom. The unseen cameraman walked slowly forward towards the last door. A little sigh of relief bubbled up in me when I could not recognize the doors and windowless walls. This was someone else’s house.
The camera tilted down to see a gloved hand twist the doorknob; the only sound in the air was the clacking spin of the VCR heads and the tape’s reels. The door opened to reveal a small and cramped bedroom and a dark, huddled form on the bed. The camera approached the form and a sleeping face soon filled the screen. It teased me with familiarity, tantalizingly close, but I could not yet recognize the face.
Two objects dropped down onto the man’s chest, thudding slightly and rousing him from his sleep. The first, a policeman’s badge, all I need in a flash of recognition to connect this slowly stirring form with the Desk Sergeant. The second sealed his identity: it was the first tape, the crude smiley face pointed perfectly upright. The policeman blinked twice and then squinted into the camera.
In the few frames before blackness, I could see the brief impression of a flash, and a symmetrical flower of blood and bone erupt from his skull, just a brief flicker of streaking colors and light. I moaned pathetically in the darkness, an animal whimper of helplessness. Like a bolt of lightning, the jagged text lit up the screen.
YOUR FAULT.
I did not move until the pale light of morning, first letting the tape play out through a further hour of static, and then later sobbing silently under the cold blue light of the idling VCR. After a few hours of that quiet delirium, doubting what I had just seen, I rewound the tape, and started it again.
It was blank. Finding a set of small screwdrivers, I dismantled the tape and gingerly separated its carapace. Inside, was a small magnet, ingeniously placed on a loose spindle inside the right spool of tape; the tape was erased the moment I watched it.
Taped firmly to the side of the black plastic housing, was a small, folded photograph. It was my wife and son, walking hand and hand out the front door of the house. On the back of the photograph, in the same blocky script as the envelope, were three letters and three sharp periods.
SHH…
————–
There were times in the following year, when I believed that only suicide would save my family. He never told me what, if anything he wanted. He never revealed himself, or his reasons. He seemed only content to watch the engine of my life to shudder to a halt. I descended into a fog of self-pity and utter horror as all my relationships dissolved around me.



At irregular intervals, always just enough time passed to make me believe that it had ended, that I had dreamt it all, I would receive a package. They each contained a half a dozen photographs on glossy paper. My son in school, doodling in his notebooks, shot through an open window. A soccer game, his leg frozen in mid swing. A front yard game with two neighbors, my son suspended in a leap, his tongue out, stuck in a mask of joy.
I received the last package a month after my wife had left me. Unable to cope with my stony, hollow eyed silence and slow motion disintegration, she had returned across the state line, to Idaho, and her mother’s house, where she made unsubtle attempts over nightly phone calls to convince our son to join her. Whatever amicability there was between us was flaking away like old paint, and I knew a court intervention was imminent.
For myself, I did not know if I could keep my son safest close to me, or whether I was dooming him by my presence. He was increasingly distant, angry at my sudden shift in personality, and inability to make his mother happy. His presence, no matter how he pouted and hid, was the one bright and shining point of that time, a silver thread to hold onto in the maelstrom. The week of the last package, he had taken a Greyhound bus to see his mother, already hinting at a desire to stay and live with her; I was in a black and foul mood when I found to the familiar manila envelope in the entryway.
It contained a single photograph, and the first video I had gotten since the policeman’s murder. The photograph was of my son, sleeping, in his bed at home. I held it my hand, clutching tight and staring, not wanting to comprehend what I was seeing and its sickening implications.
On the video, the smiley-face was gone, and its place, was a clock. I slid it into the VCR in a state of cold shock and sat at the edge of the couch, my eyes watering and my jaw hanging slack.
IT IS TIME.
YOU CAN KEEP HIM SAFE.
The jagged letters crashed through the static and captured my gaze. Frozen in place, my lungs would not expand and my vision swam dizzyingly. The letters vanished and there was blackness again, but only momentarily, as a burst of cold light brought a new sentence to the screen:
GO-
The ashtray impacted with the center of the screen, and the television tube made an audible popping sound, as glass and circuitry spilled from the wound. I hadn’t even been aware that I was throwing the heavy pewter dish, but now I felt a hot wash of anger, the helplessness and fear of the last year flared in me.
I would leave, I told myself. I would leave tonight, and tell no one. If one good thing came from my miserable shipwreck of a life, I would keep my son safe, and I couldn’t do that in the sorry state I was in.
It seemed so obvious then, with suddenly clarity: of course he was not interested in my son. It was me he had been torturing all these months. If he hated me this much, enough to slowly break me, utterly and deliberately, then he would follow me, like hunter to prey, wherever I went. So I would go.
I almost made it out that night, but doubt ate away at my resolve as I packed a few bags, and I soon succumbed to a rare desire for sleep. In the warm cocoon of blankets, the idea of recklessly fleeing seemed so rash and foolish, and I knew that a new day would bring clarity and level headedness.
I awoke to the golden light of dawn streaming into my bedroom onto a scene of unfathomable violence.
Blood and drying viscera coated the walls in uneven splatters. The sharp copper tang in the air shook me like smelling salts to damnable clarity. The carpet was soaked and spotted with crimson, thick puddles of blood glistening in the morning sunlight.

 
In the far corner, where the walls were painted nearly black and the carpet invisible beneath a tiny lake of blood, was the body. The diminutive limbs were dark and smeared, stacked like cordwood; two slender arms and two legs, capped with a pair of small curled hands and two feet, so smeared in gore that I mistook them for shoes. Beside the little pile of spindly limbs was a child’s torso; momentarily I could not comprehend that this was part of the body, so surreal in its isolation and stillness.
In the farthest corner at the apex of the slaughter was the broken television on a small table, the screen fully shattered to reveal a small interior space. Inside this hollow of plastic and metal, was a child’s head, balancing gracefully on its ragged neck, and faced away from me.
It was a long time before I moved, longer still before I ceased sobbing and walked on sodden carpet and wobbling knees towards the television. I prayed that I would not see my son’s birthmark and scars on the limbs and I held my gaze straight ahead as I approached the grotesque altar. Was that my son’s hair? Was it ever so black, or is that just the light?
I reached out, slowly with both hands to gently cup the small head. I was empty now, the morning breeze blowing straight through my shell. All I had to do was turn to see my son’s face, to know that I had failed him utterly, and then I would dry out like a husk and drift away on the wind.
It was light in my hands and still ever so slightly warm. I slowly spun it to face me, angry at myself for not knowing by heart the sight of my sons ears or and jaw line well enough stop now, to prevent the inevitable rotation.
The eyes were mercifully closed, but the cheeks were slit wide and high, in grim mockery of a smile. In his mouth, jammed far back and between the ragged slices of his face, was a video tape.
A wave of pure undiluted relief was followed by a sharp pang of guilt. This was not my son. I recognized the boy behind the curtain of blood, a friend of my son, yes, but this, this was not my son.
Obediently, like in a trance I took the video to the VCR, now connected to my son’s tiny black and white set. With a wad of white paper towels, I had dried and cleaned the soiled cassette, and I now slid it into the machine and watched solemnly while the letters appeared.
THIS WAS YOUR ONE WARNING
YOU CAN STILL SAVE HIM
FIRST, CLEAN UP
It dawned on me what he means, and simultaneously, why. I thought of the drying footprints of blood I’ve left around the house, my fingertips pressed against the corpse. I tried to imagine who might believe that I had slept through that act of unbridled cruelty, but seen and heard nothing.
NOW
I jerked with a start at this screen, as if the teacher has called my name and caught me day-dreaming. I rose to my feet and stopped the tape.



When I thought my son was dead, I believed that no pain could rend me worse. I now could see the foolishness of that. If he were truly gone, then I could not be hurt any worse, and in a way, the man in the dark would have lost. But he lives. He lives for me to agonize over yet again, and this time, I don’t have to wonder about the stakes. I have to do everything I can to keep him safe, I decided. This cannot happen to him.
When I returned from the woods, carrying a shovel wrapped in a thick canvas blanket from the truck, and leaving tracks of dirt and clay, I began to pour the first gallon of gasoline on the bottom floor of my house. When the house was fully saturated, I returned to the VCR and its tiny monitor to watch the rest of the tape. I am a marionette now, dancing to a silent tune, free will no longer even a factor.
The next sentence on the screen was familiar to me; though that was truly the first time I read it. I recognized it by the shape and outline of the letters; it was beneath the ashtray a split second before the impact.
GO NORTH
I was puzzled for a moment, a little resurgence of the self at this oddly vague and cryptic instruction. Just a direction and a command. I wondered where he meant for me to go, and how.
GO NOW. YOU WILL KNOW.
And the tape ended. And I went.
An hour later, a plume of smoke was visible to the south, fast receding behind truck. I drove as far as the truck would take me, until it lost traction on the ice somewhere in British Columbia, and ended broken axle’d in roadside culvert. From there, I walked. My wife shut access to my bank accounts weeks ago, and the small amount of cash that I still carried has long since vanished.
It’s been a month so far, homeless and trudging like a sentinel, through the darkest of winter. The snow and ice bring me comfort, the silent purity of the ground against the noonday sky, white on white. My life is only a direction now, and that anodyne of simplicity has bled into the land.
When I cannot find a house to beg shelter in, or a barn to break into, I build small covered trenches in the snow, and wrap myself in my tarp and blankets. This is more and more frequent as I travel northward and as my clothes begin to stink and mark me as a transient.
During the day, I walk; in the dark, I sleep. I sleep. Long and blissfully hours of oblivion come to with an ease I haven’t had since childhood, and I wake fully rested each day.
I am never alone of course. He is with me, as he always has been. When the last of the money was gone, the pangs of hunger only lasted a day. On the next morning, outside my small snow shelter, a pair of white rabbits lay stretched across the snow, only the red of their blood picking out their outlines on the snow.
During that past year in the fog of his nightmares, I never even considered who he might be. I never catalogued which clients might have secretly loathed me, or which elementary school victim of my bullying now wished me dead. I wonder now, how willful was this ignorance?
The sunlight is warm and unexpected on my face when I exit the barn the next morning, coat speckled with straw. It’s a few miles to the next town, and I can make it time to beg for some breakfast, and supplies for the next vacant stretch.
I call my son from each payphone I pass, direct to his mobile and listen to him get increasingly frustrated when I say nothing. Hearing him angry and alive is everything I need to keep going.
My son is safe, now that I’ve left him. As I believed he would, but for all the wrong reasons, the hunter, the man in the dark, has followed me here. He is no longer a danger to my family, and he can take nothing more from me now.
He is happy now, because we are going north, and so am I, because I know at last and truly, that I have saved my son. The cost is the pittance of my own life, and now I understand; I am grateful to give it to him. I am thankful to be pack horse to this monster, carrying us both onward.
I do not know what he wants for us here, at the top of the world, but I know when the time comes, he will make it known. So until then, I go north.


When I was in high school, my girlfriend and I would go to the mall a lot. It wasn’t something I enjoyed very much, but it made her happy so I didn’t complain. Every time we went she would make us get our pictures taken in those photo booth things. You know, the ones where you put in two quarters or whatever and get a strip of pictures taken and printed off? It was kind of a ritual. She kept the best one from each visit in her locker.

One time we went, and the booth was taped off. I guess someone thought it would be funny to use it to take nude pictures of himself, and then leave the strip in the booth. The parents of the little girl who went in next were not amused, and the mall was going to be taking it out. I think that’s an overreaction, but expected nowadays.

Well, my girlfriend was pretty sad about not being able to get our pictures taken like usual, so we ended up just wandering aimlessly. She didn’t really want to leave, but she didn’t feel like shopping either. I bought us some ice cream, hoping it would cheer her up. but she still was pretty depressed.

Eventually we ended up at the far end of the second floor. We almost never got over there, as there weren’t many stores either of us were interested in. but today we did. I noticed that there was an arcade there, and that got me thinking. They tend to have a photo booth in them. I didn’t want to say anything about that, to avoid getting my girlfriend’s hopes up, but I managed to convince her to go in.

It was noisy inside, but mostly just from the games. There were only a few other kids inside, and the owner sitting at a small desk watching some sports game on TV. We walked around the place, and didn’t see a booth. Saddened a bit, I suggested that we go, and she started to say that she agreed when her sentence drifted off. I looked where she was looking, and tucked back in a corner there was a machine that said “Instantly Developed Photos” peaking over one of the games. We nearly ran over to it, but were disheartened to find that it too was taped off.

My girlfriend was really sad now, and suggested that we leave the mall now. I hated seeing her like this, and I thought to myself, “you know what? Almost no one is in here, and none of them are paying attention to us.” So I went over, plugged in the booth, and pulled the tape down. At first she was shocked that I would do that, but then the joy at being able to cary on our tradition overtook her.

One thing that was incredibly obvious about this booth was that it was much older than the one that we usually went to. It was beaten up, didn’t have a touch screen menu, and only cost ten cents a strip.

We decided to do a double strip, since it would still be cheaper than one of our normal ones. We put in two dimes, and then it took our pictures. When the last one was done, we looked and saw that there wasn’t a slot for them to be printed on the inside. It was odd, but I guess back when this thing was made they didn’t think to have them print on the inside.

So we got out and looked at the sides of the booth, and found the pictures. There wasn’t much light inside the arcade, so my girlfriend picked them up and we were walking outside to see them better when we realized something. There was no sound anymore.

All the games were running, but it was like someone hit the mute button on all of them. It creeped my girlfriend out, and I’ll admit I was unnerved as well. So we walked towards the exit a little faster. But we couldn’t find it. Every corner we took just led us to another row of arcade games with flashing lights and no sound. Now we were both panicking, but I managed to be rational enough to figure out that, if I climbed on top of one of the machines, I would be able to get a view of the room.

I went over to one, and asked my girlfriend to give me a little support as I climbed it. I got on top, and saw that somehow we had goon further into the arcade. The exit was on the other side. I told her, and she calmed down a bit. I was trying to get down from the game when I thought something brushed my hand. I screamed and fell.

My girlfriend tried to catch me, but I just knocked her into the machine and fell onto the floor. I wasn’t hurt badly, and I got up to tell her I was sorry. When I turned to look at her, I saw she was starring at the screen, and shaking. I walked over beside her, and saw that it no longer was showing the menu. No, flashing in old fashioned arcade game letters, was the message “Player 2 has no more lives.”

I told her that I must have started a game when I climbed up, but she shook her head no and whispered “look around.” Every game was flashing the same words. That really freaked us out, so we started running in the direction of the exit.

We went around turns and turns of games, and it seemed we had been running far too long to have covered less distance than is contained in a shop in a mall. But now we could see it. Seven rows of games ahead, rising above them all, was the exit sign. We stopped for a moment when we saw it, relieved and catching our breath. Then my girlfriend screamed.

She spun around to look behind her, and screamed that something had just touched her hair. We looked around but saw nothing. No one was near us. But there was something worse than the presence of someone else. The screens now all showed the words “Player 1 has no more lives.”

That was it. We were sprinting faster than we ever had before, running towards the exit sign. We just had to get around three more rows and we would be out of the arcade. And then we saw something that brought us to a halt. There was someone standing at one of the games.

He was one of the kids we had seen earlier, when we came in. I recognized the clothes, even though I hadn’t payed much attention to him before. He was just standing there, playing a game. After the shock of seeing someone else had passed, I thought I should call out to him.

“Hey, dude!”

My girlfriend grabbed my arm and shushed me.

“Don’t,” she whispered harshly in my ear.

“Why not, what’s the matter?”

“Something doesn’t feel right. Let’s just keep going, we’re almost out.”

So we walked past him, hugging the other side of the row of games. Something seemed wrong with him, in the glow of the lights. I stopped walking and just looked at him. My girlfriend begged me to keep going, but I had to figure out what was wrong. I took a few steps closer, and it hit me. His hands were on the controls, the game was playing, but he wasn’t moving at all.

I walked closer and closer, all the while my girlfriend was crying and begging for me to go back to her. I got to him, touched him on the shoulder, and shivered from how freezing cold he was. I asked if he was ok, and walked beside him to get a look at his face.

His throat was slit, and his skin was paper white.

I screamed so loud and so intensely that I hurt my voice. I turned back to my girlfriend and started to run to her, when I saw that someone holding a hand over her mouth and a knife to her throat. I couldn’t see the face, but the figure’s hands looked like a man’s.

I shouted at him, “let her go!” The response was a laugh, deep and gurgling. I tried to lunge at him, to get the knife away from her throat, but I wasn’t fast enough. He slit her open in one fluid motion. Blood sprayed out all over me, and I was frozen in shock.

He dropped her body, and brought the knife to his face. It was still shrouded in darkness, but I saw a tongue come out, and lick the knife. That tongue… it wasn’t human. It looked more like a giraffe’s, long and thin. I was crying now, and couldn’t think. Then he pointed at me, and said “you wait there. You next.” That voice, it was horrible. It was like two rough stones being dragged across each other. But what came next was worse. He bent down to my girlfriend’s body, and started sucking and the fatal wound.

His mouth covered her entire neck, and it made a horrifying squelching sound as he sucked the blood from her. I couldn’t think, couldn’t react with anything but more tears and a sighing cry. And then the noises started to stop. He pulled back, and his mouth was extended like a trunk, and it began to pull back into his face. When it was back to normal, that tongue came out again and licked the traces of blood off his lips.

He pulled the knife out again and started advancing towards me. Part of me wanted to let him kill me. I didn’t want to live with these memories. But that part of my mind was overridden by a more primitive section. The adrenaline poured out into my body, and I ran. I didn’t even know what was happening any more, I just ran.

Somehow I managed to make it to the exit. As I ran I saw the owner still sitting at his TV, now blank, and some still active part of my mind realized that his skin was far too pale, and that there was a black line running along his neck. But I caught all of that in the few seconds before bursting out of the door, and running in to a woman outside of the arcade.

I franticly screamed, begging her to call the police, the paramedics, anyone. She screamed too, at first I thought because I seemed crazy. Then I realized that I had blood all over me. My girlfriend’s blood.

Eventually security came, and the woman told them I had come from inside the arcade. One of them stayed with me, and the other two went inside. They came back out, and told the man with me to handcuff me while they contacted the police.

What they had found was my girlfriend’s body, throat slit, drained of blood. This was expected. I had seen her die. What I didn’t expect was that her’s was the only one. Nor did I expect it to be found in the photo booth. But the worst part, the piece of evidence that I can never comprehend, the reason that my mind was broken to the point I was considered incompetent for trial, was that two strips of pictures found in the booth with her.

They showed me slitting her throat.

Now I spend my days out of my mind on medication in a psych ward. But sometimes, I trick them into thinking I took my medication so that I can think for a while. And I always think back to that day. And I have an idea about it. I think that, sometime, someone else will go into that arcade. They’ll find it empty except for the owner sitting there watching a sports game, a couple kids playing games, and a beautiful girl sitting alone in a photo booth. And I wonder, will this person ever leave the arcade?


It was the latest in a string of sweltering summer nights, where the air was thick with humidity and even the faintest breeze was an honest-to-God miracle. Outside, the lawn had withered to a sickly yellow, with earth showing through in intermittent patches like the branch of a tree peeking out from beneath its peeling bark. Although the clock above the sink read quarter of ten, the heat was still unbearable. The sun was winking out behind vistas of distant mountains, their jagged peaks silhouetted beautifully against the fiery red orb, yet its searing gaze still kept the residents of Los Alamos imprisoned within their homes. Peering outside was like viewing the world through an orange-tinted looking glass, dolls lay forgotten on dead grass, content to endure the sultry predations of Mother Nature with their plastic faces tightened in grimaces of silent displeasure. Shimmering waves of heat radiated above the deserted asphalt streets, daring any who were brave enough to come out, come out, and endure their blistering caress.

Wiping her forehead with the towel, Cara tossed it onto the draining board, turning away from the kitchen window and the view of the lifeless, washed-out landscape it offered.

Someone screamed from the living room, the sound soaring to a high-pitched crescendo before being abruptly cut off into an oppressive silence. Smiling to herself, Cara sauntered through the doorway, absent-mindedly twirling a single ashen ringlet of hair around her third finger. The white band where her wedding ring had been until last December still stood in stark contrast against her deeply tanned skin.

Dracula stood with his usual haughtiness and grace, a lithe young woman in his arms, her thin silk shift clinging to all the right places, accentuating the subtle curves of the female form with ease. Her head was tilted back, exposing the exquisite marble skin of her neck. The Prince of Darkness drew back his lips, revealing a pair of elongated canines; twins both sleek and deadly. Dracula bought his mouth down to the sweeping contour of her neck, baring those savage yet eloquent fangs in the moonlight-

‘Mum, no!’ Abby groaned, as the TV snapped off, shifting to an upright position on the sofa, ‘Turn it back on, turn it back on!’

‘You know the rule, Abs,’ Cara replied, ‘nine-thirty on a week night, no later.’

‘But Mary-Beth st-‘

‘Is your name Mary-Beth?’ Cara asked, continuing before Abby had a chance to reply, her voice soft but firm. ‘It’s on tape anyway, so you can watch the rest of it after school tomorrow.’ She shook her head. ‘I’ll never understand your fascination with those horrid films as long as I live.’

Forlorn and defeated, Abby jumped down from the sofa and headed for the foot of the stairs, before stopping to turn and look back at Cara. ‘Is he coming again tonight? Is he?’

Smiling, Cara hunkered down in front of her daughter, running a hand through Abby’s sandy curls. ‘I think, now that it’s finally out, he’ll come and take it straight away.’

Abby looked back at her with staunch defiance, that tell-tale glint of stubbornness beginning to show in her sapphire eyes. ‘I told you,’ she said, in an exasperated tone, ‘he came last night, but he didn’t stay. He’s angry with me now.’

Cara, although now a woman of thirty-two, remembered how it was being nine; old enough to know better, yet still clinging to the last vestiges of childhood magic, before they were swept away in the ensuing storm of teenage angst. Before she knew it, Abby would be more concerned with eye shadow and mini-skirts than Hammer horror and dolls. But for now, she was just Abs, her perfect princess.

‘Of course he isn’t sweetie,’ she said, ‘I’ve got a feeling he’s even more excited then you are.’

‘Promise?’

‘Promise. Now, give your mother a kiss goodnight,’ Cara looked down expectantly, and Abby dutifully obliged, kissing her on the cheek before throwing her arms around her, sending her mother tumbling onto her backside. Laughing together, mother and daughter, Cara hugged her tightly, sending her upstairs with a kiss on the nose and a reminder to brush her teeth.

Still smiling, Cara flopped down onto the sofa. Raising a child single-handedly was difficult, the long days at the factory hard, demanding work. But it was worth it for Abby, for her beautiful little girl. Give it half an hour and Abs would be asleep, then Cara would slip upstairs and replace the lost tooth with $5- from her conversations with the other mothers at work, she’d determined that this was the going rate for the first baby tooth. Lying down with her head on the armrest, Cara switched the TV back on, hoping to catch headlines on the ten o’clock news. She was asleep within minutes.

Upstairs, Abby finished brushing, flossed, changed into her pink My Pretty Pony pyjamas, and shut off the strip light above the cabinet. Now came the part she hated: turning off the bathroom light and dashing down the hall to her bedroom in the darkness.

Tonight, the sense of impending doom came not from the Frankenstein Monster, nor from the Mummy, raised from his tomb to lurk in the moonlit corridor beyond the door. No, this evening’s dread came courtesy of the Prince of Darkness himself. Surely he was waiting silently in the wings, to seize her as soon as she set foot out there, and steal her away to Castle Dracula, where she would be dragged down to the deepest depths of the yawning catacombs, or thrown to the salivating wolves that had menaced Mr Harker, their maws filled with razor-sharp teeth, ready to tear her to pieces and devour the remains.

Shuddering, Abby pulled the door open, took a deep breath, yanked the light switch off and ran. But there were no vampires, werewolves or bogeymen lying in wait tonight, and Abby threw herself into bed the second she crossed the threshold of her room, bundling herself under the covers even before the door slammed shut behind her. Fear immediately transmuted itself to safety. Here, in her own room, wrapped in her own duvet, she was safe from all the monsters on earth. She knew it, as surely as she knew who would visit her in her sanctuary later that night.

Him.

The Tooth Fairy.

He had been here last night, but Abby’s tooth had still been in her mouth then. Now, thanks to some subtle persuasion from her fingers, it lay beneath her pillow in a soft velvet pouch her mother had given her. Sliding one hand underneath to check, she was relieved to feel the soft material against her fingertips. Butterflies of excitement took flight in her stomach. But she had to sleep; after all, the Tooth Fairy only came once you were asleep- everyone knew that. With a perfunctory yawn, Abby flopped back onto her pillows, losing herself in the sweet, dreamless sleep with which the young are surely blessed.

***

It’s a beautiful summer day, the sun is warm and there is a gentle breeze drifting on the wind. Cara sits at the picnic bench, sorting through the food she packed for herself and Abby. She is just unwrapping some of the sandwiches -peanut butter and jelly, of course- when she hears Abby gasp.

Startled, Cara turns to look at her daughter. Abby, still with the string of her kite clenched firmly in one small fist, is just where Cara knew she would be. Only now, there is something else, standing at the edge of the tree line. Cara nearly screams, because for a second, she is sure that the shape in the foliage is humanoid: tall and thin, with an oversized head. But as soon as it steps out onto the verdant summer grass, she realises her mistake.
Standing less than five feet away from her daughter is an elk, its gnarled horns resplendent; its stance majestic and proud. Despite the natural grace of this creature, Cara feels that something isn’t right about it, that there is an underlying decay gnawing away at the flesh beneath that rugged fur. Abby takes a small step towards it, her scarlet summer dress standing in stark contrast to the elks deep brown hide, forming a surreal juxtaposition of man and nature. The elk raises its shaggy head, and Cara feels unreality wash over her in a crushing wave. Huge, empty black eyes stare back at her, absent of both emotion and warmth: twin pits of Stygian darkness.

It takes a step towards Abby; she in turn moves closer, letting the string of her kite slip through her fingers. Cara wants to shout at her, to pull her away from the not-elk, whatever it is. Instead, she finds her gaze drawn to the kite, drifting in lazy arcs across the pristine blue sky. Unable to tear her eyes away from its loops and swirls, she can do nothing except listen to her daughter scream, the dissonance carrying across the rolling hills surrounding them. The world around her begins to fade, colour and clarity blurring into an opaque darkness that enfolds her.

For several seconds Cara is disorientated. Where am I? She wonders. Why aren’t I at the park? There was something…an animal? Staring raptly around her, the murk of the living room begins to unfold, revealing all the old familiar faces: the television set her mother gave them for Christmas last year: the framed photos of Abby that adorn the walls: the bookcase in the corner crammed full of paperback romance novels.

It was just a dream. Of course it was just a dream.

Somewhere above her, a floorboard creaked ever-so-subtly.

Sitting upright, her hand steals unknowingly to the curls of her hair, wrapping them around slim, elegant fingers. Was Abby out of bed? Cara sits rigid in the gloom, straining her ears. Nothing. If Abby was out of bed, Cara knows she would have heard either the bedroom door open or the bathroom light. Instead, she hears only silence. Somewhere in Cara’s mind, a long-dormant warning siren begins to sound.

No, not silence: a slight, almost non-existent groan as the heat-warped floorboards shift against one another. Exactly as they would if someone were moving stealthily across them.

Now Cara understands: Abby is in danger. From what, or who, she doesn’t know. Only that her daughter, the most precious thing in the world, needs her. Without a second thought, Cara dashes to the kitchen, striking her hip on the counter in the semi-darkness. Stifling a grunt of pain, she flounders with the wooden block, her normally lithe digits fumbling against sleek metal handles. Without pausing for a split-second, she sprints to the foot of the stairs and hurtles upwards.

***

Abby opened her eyes, her mind shifting from sleeping to fully awake in a matter of seconds as she realised what had roused her from her slumber. Purple light filled her vision, and for a moment it was all Abby could see, before her eyes began to adjust. Now she could make out the tall figure, standing motionless beside the bureau. Swirling shapes of iridescence twirled gracefully around him like thin ribbons, and as the Tooth Fairy stepped forwards, Abby’s jaw dropped open in wonder.

Everything swam into focus with crystal clarity now: the ornate silver wand in his left hand, his right extended towards her in a gesture of grandeur: the way the air around him sparkled and shimmered: his regal attire, purple fit-for-a-king velvets complimented by a scarlet cloak trimmed with gold. He took another step towards her, bringing him almost to the edge of the bed. His aroma filled her nostrils now, calming and sweet; a meadow of flowers in full bloom, a forest floor on a breezeless summer eve. There was more, another taste that lingered subtly beneath the currents of air that eddied around him: the scent of Disneyland and new bikes; of puppies and ponies; of childhood dreams made reality. Although she was too young to fully appreciate it, he was darkly handsome, in an arrogant, aristocratic way, with deep auburn eyes to lose yourself in; able to melt the heart of any female foolish enough to gaze into them. He reminded Abby of the princes in the Disney cartoons her girlfriends liked so much: dashing and brave, always managing to rescue the imperilled princess in the nick of time, before sweeping her into his arms with a lingering kiss.

Sitting up in bed, Abby’s hand scrambled frantically under the pillow for her tooth, for a moment fearing it was lost, and that he would once more depart in anger. But no, her fingers closed around the familiar velvet pouch. Her heart beating a frantic tattoo against her ribcage, Abby leaned forward, pressing the hand holding the pouch gingerly into the Tooth Fairy’s palm. Only as his hand closed upon hers did their eyes meet, and for a fraction of a second beneath his brow were two open graves, yawning black abysses that loomed hollow and foreboding. Then the Tooth Fairy smiled, revealing perfect teeth whiter than sun-bleached bone. All was well again, and Abby squeezed his hand, smiling back.

***

With her heart somewhere in her throat, Cara took the last three stairs in a single stride. The door to Abby’s room was closed, and there was no immediate sign that anything was amiss. Yet Cara remained unconvinced as she covered the remaining distance of the landing: there was danger, no doubt about it, imminent and all too real. Her intuition screamed that it was so. Her mind swam with thoughts of home invasion, burglars or -God help her- sexual perverts. She grasped the brass handle, images of escaped mental patients and deranged psychopaths flitting before her eyes. Cara threw the bedroom door open, and the terror that had seeded itself in her breast unfurled in full, threatening to drag her down and drown her in unconsciousness.

The waxing moon hung low and pregnant in the sky and its baleful light streamed in through the picture-window, illuminating a grotesque scene no fear of sexual predators or prowlers could have prepared her for. Abby was sitting upright on the edge of the bed; duvet and sheets pushed roughly aside, her face was a blissful mask of appraisal. Cara’s gaze barely alighted on her daughter, however; it was the thing standing next to the bed which caused her breath to catch in her throat and her eyes to bulge in their sockets.

The grey man was tall even with a slight hunch; he -it- would have been forced to stoop had it entered through the door.

Of course, Cara already knew that it hadn’t.

It was naked and completely hairless; its skin, pockmarked and rough, unerringly similar to the hide of an elephant, was pulled taunt over an emaciated frame –Cara could see the grey man’s ribs, three on either side- and hideously concave chest. It had no genitalia that she could see, the area where its legs met simply curved upwards in a seamless continuation of the torso. In one hand it held a sinister metal rod, dull despite the moonlight that flooded the room. Several curved protrusions jutted diagonally from its length, revolving with a slow, menacing intent that made Cara’s blood run cold. In the other it held her daughters hand, its three fingers of such a length that they easily encircled the fragile limb, with several inches to spare.

The grey man’s inverted tear-drop shaped head swivelled like that of an owl to stare at her. Having a daughter like Abby, Cara had seen countless episodes of The X-Files and creature-features galore, yet none of those had come within a mile of portraying the stark emptiness of those huge, expressionless black eyes, so clinical, so emotionless and cold. Its nose was almost non-existent, the faintest hint of a triangular dent. Beneath it was a thin, rudimentary mouth, lipless and devoid of any discernible emotion. But its eyes- dear God, if she survived this, Cara knew that they would haunt her evermore.

Despite the sheer, undiluted horror she faced, one thought remained steadfast in her mind: Abby.

That thing is holding my daughters hand.

Holding the Forever-Sharp kitchen knife in front of her, she took a step towards the grey man, unsure of whether she could actually do anything, but knowing that she had to do something. It inclined its head to the right, assessing her as an inquisitive fox would an unlatched bin, and Cara fell to her knees. The stainless steel blade jumped from her hand and skittered away across the floor, coming to rest in the domain of shadows beneath the bed. There was something inside her head, crushing her mind with the force of hundreds, no, thousands of tons of pressure; the pain was unimaginable, and unbidden her hands flew to her face in a futile bid for release. Her daughter was forgotten and the grey man no longer mattered. There was nothing except the pain that flooded her, overwhelming her senses in a fusillade of suffering. She tore at her face, raking deep gashes that immediately welled with blood. Still the agony persisted, and her frantic digits turned their machinations to her eyes, gouging and tearing with the sheer ferocity of a rabid dog.

The last image to grace her retinas was that of her smiling daughter standing hand-in-hand with something straight from the set of a late night sci-fi flick. Then the world descended into blackness and her sight flickered out like a dying street light as the tips of two artificial nails tore through her visual cortex, and Cara’s world became nothing more than pain and darkness.

From the Los Alamos Herald, August 28th, 2001:

INVESTIGATION INTO
MISSING CHILD CONTINUES
Mother Held In Connection With Disappearance;
Police Fear Mental Instability

A thirty-two year old woman is facing scrutiny over the
disappearance of her nine-year-old daughter, after an
on-going FBI investigation revealed startling evidence of severe underlying mental disorders. Cara Moretz, a lifelong
resident of New Mexico, was hospitalized late Thursday night, after police entered her home in response to an anonymous 911 call. According to Richard Delbuana, a paramedic on-scene during the night, Moretz was found in a state of severe delirium and panic. ‘We -the attending officers, along with my partner and I- were forced to sedate her to prevent further self-mutilation; she was hysterical, raving about Martians, for Christ’s sake,’ said a shaken Delbuana, ‘there were empty red pits where her eyes should have been. Every time I close my eyes, I see that woman’s face without hers.’ The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrived on scene Friday morning, and in less than forty-eight hours uncovered records indicating that Moretz may have suffered
from severe schizophrenia, paranoia and delusional episodes.
This raises difficult questions for the Los Alamos Department o-
Continued on Page 4


I met James Vickers when we were both about 12. We were next door neighbours, and I had been out in my back yard playing soccer by myself, kicking the ball against the fence. It was at this point I met James. It took me a little while to notice his little spectacled face peering down at me from his bedroom window. When I spotted him, I waved. He waved back and opened his window to talk to me.

We spoke about lots of things. Interests, favourite food, favourite video games- all sorts. I asked James if he would like to come to my house and play soccer with me. He politely declined, and told me that he suffered terribly with Asthma- among other illnesses, and that his parents absolutely refused to let him out of the house, or let anyone in. He instead asked me if I had a Facebook account and said he would add me on that.

I checked my Facebook later that night, accepted James’ friend request and we got chatting. And from that day, that’s pretty much how our friendship went. I would head off to school in the morning, finish up, come home and get straight on Facebook to speak with James. That’s the way it was for about 5 years. Unfortunately though, James’ illnesses got the better of him one day, and he grew very sick.

The inevitable happened though. I hadn’t spoken to James on Facebook for a few days. I had spent some time in my back garden too, waiting for him to open the window and let me know that he was fine. He never did. Instead his father came to my house one evening and presented me with a small invite to a funeral. “He told us about how much you both had in common.” His father told me. “You were his only friend as far as we know.”

The funeral was very touching. I did my best to hold back my tears, but completely lost it when Fields of Gold by Sting was played as they took James’ casket away. After the funeral in his honour still dressed in my suit, I had a bit of a kick around with the same soccer ball I had when I first met James and had a beer in the back garden. It felt weird knowing that the room he used to speak to me from was now empty and unoccupied.

As sad as I felt, I knew he was in a better place. A place where his afflictions would no longer bother him. His death had come so sudden though. The funeral just hadn’t done it for me. Perhaps I needed some kind of closure just to let me know that James was truly gone, and wasn’t coming back. So that night, I logged on to Facebook once more, opened up a chat box to James’ account and typed “Hello James”. At this point I realised how silly I was being, and promptly deleted the message before settling down in bed. I left the computer on, just in case any of my other friends sent me any messages.

Something then happened that sent a chill up my spine. The only light in the room was being emitted from the computer screen, and as I peered across the room at James’ still open chat box, I saw the words “James is typing…”


You’re working alone in the office late one night when you hear the old fax machine start running. Surprised, you go to check what has printed to see a photo of the building you are working in taken from across the street with your office light the only one on. The photo is time stamped at one hour ago. Unusual, but easily explained you thought as you return to your desk to finalize your work so you could get home soon.

Back at your desk, you hear the sound of the fax machine starting up again. Annoyed by the interruption you go over to check it only to see a photo of the inside of the building, time stamped 30 minutes ago. What the hell. Anyone could have put the dates on these old photos, and they are just trying to fuck with you, you rationalize. But as you reach for the switch to turn off the machine, it starts up instantly and one last photo comes through. It’s a photo of you standing at the fax machine. As suddenly, all the lights in the building switch off.


“It’s time to sleep now, Justin. Seriously. You’re getting too old for this.” My father stated, while slipping the covers underneath the edges of my body, to keep me snug in place as he tucked me in.

“You’re almost eight years old. You know the difference between what’s real and what isn’t.” His words didn’t comfort me in the least. He didn’t know what I knew. He couldn’t see what I have seen.

To this date, I’m still uncertain if what I had experienced on a nightly basis, was a series of reoccurring dreams, or a supernatural event that took place, which left me in a state of paralysis, and unable to die. I’m still here though, so it had to be a dream? Didn’t it?

My father gave a slow shake of his head, bringing his hand up to run his index and thumb against his thick mustache, one that was commonly seen on any man who had served time in the Canadian Militia. He was sleep deprived, and stressed because of my constant appearances in my parent’s bedroom late at night, due to these… Events?

“Now go to bed. I don’t want to have to talk to you again about this.” He stood from the side of the bed. He turned around, wearing his dark blue house coat, wrapped about his form so that nothing but the calves of his legs could be seen. He reached out for the light switch to my room. “Wait.. Leave it on?” I asked, almost in a begging tone, thinking that the light would be the key to keeping this.. Creature.. Away.

“Justin. You’re too old to be sleeping with the light on.” My father responded in his usual stern, uncompromising voice.

“Please…” I used my best pleading tones on him, hoping to sway his decision. A few seconds went by with his hand on the switch.

“Alright. But just for tonight.” He stepped around the corner and closed my door, which made me nervous for some reason. I waited to hear the sounds of footsteps that my father made as he trekked down the hall to his room, and then sprang from my bed, rushing to my door and opening it as gently as I could, so that I wouldn’t alarm my parents with the sounds, completely absent minded to the fact that the light from my room shone directly into their bedroom, as they never slept with the door closed.

I let out a soft sigh, sticking my head out of my door frame to gaze down towards their room. I could see a dark image of my father retiring to his bed. I then turned my head to look down the opposite side of the hall, which led to the living room, but for some reason, I couldn’t see anything. Just a pitch black tunnel which lead to a void of nothingness. Clearly not the case, but my over-active imagination was turning the gears in my mind.

After a second or two of playing out in my mind, skeletons from a video game I had played earlier, emerging from the black hole in the hallway that I had been staring into, I shook the thoughts from my head, and moved back to my bed, which was tightly placed in the south eastern corner of my room. My door was just a few feet away from the foot of my bed. I liked it, because I could see someone coming, giving me the chance to prepare myself for company. That’s what I told my family anyway. The real reason for the bed placement was so that I could watch the monsters and demons who were crawling into my room to take me away, warning me so that I could hide underneath of my covers. They couldn’t get me there. They could never get me there.

I reached to the side of my bed, where a pair of milk crates were stacked on one another, and an old radio played music from a radio station I listened to quite frequently. A minor amount of static could be heard in the background, but the joyful tones of the positively influenced music shut out the eerie sound of nothingness. I relaxed against my pillow, dragging the sheets and the duvet up to my shoulders, wrapping the edges of them around my neck to assume a comfortable position as I curled up, staring at the clock of my radio, feeling my eyes becoming heavy. Sleep, becoming free of fear and any bad emotions that would accompany it.

“What was that?” I sprang, sitting straight up in my bed as the distinct sound of someone bringing up the contents of their stomach onto my floor sounded heavily into my ear. It was even worse, considering the intense phobia I had of vomit, clutching the back of my neck to make the sounds make me feel even worse. I started to get choked up, feeling fear trading places with the blood that ran through my veins, freezing me in my spot.

“Mom? Tressa?” I  asked in a shaking voice, hoping to all things that would hear me, that it would be one of my family members. Though, there was no reason for my family to be in my room, puking on my blue patterned carpet.

I sat up further, hoping to catch a slight view of who ever was being sick on my carpet, though my back fell against the wall that had one of my pillows up against it, as I had seen the black and green liquid spreading out onto my floor, followed with more gagging and dry heaving. My stomach churned, watching the soft spatter of bile spray onto my floor. Please stop.. Please..

I sat up again, and looked over the foot of my bed, though I didn’t see pajamas, nor did I see a house coat. I saw the bare back of a being, who looked as if they had been deprived of nutrition for quite some time. I could clearly see the rib cage, coated with a thin layer of skin, and each individual section of a spinal cord that trailed down the being’s back. I cried out for my father, hoping that he would storm into the room to rid this creature from existence, but no such thing happened.

Sitting up slightly, the being stood, looking as if it’s limbs were fused together, coming from different bodies. It’s mouth was wide across it’s face, a gape with small, thin rows of ivory spikes, still coated in that black and green liquid. His stomach continued to heave, forcing out small trickles of vomit onto the covers of my bed that hid my feet. I started to cry, but I couldn’t move. Tears welled up in my eyes, watching this.. Thing, staring at me. It wasn’t standing still, however. It’s entire body was throbbing and convulsing, even though it wasn’t making any movements towards me. It just stood there, shaking in spot. It’s black eyes, void of any soul, watched me in place, which seemed to please it. My fear, seemed to please it. I knew what it wanted. It wanted to take me back to where ever it came from. It could have been my subconscious in my head, after hearing nursery rhymes sung to my sister, but I had labeled this creature in my mind as Humpty Dumpty. I didn’t know why, but for some reason, I knew that was it’s name. It had no resemblance to an egg, or anything of the like about the character named in said tale, but this was what I called it.

It didn’t speak. It just made gurgling sounds, short, quick inhales of breath to made noises that appeared to be a form of chuckling. I cried out louder for my father. My mother. Anyone who could hear me. To no avail. A gnarled hand, which had flesh peeled back to expose bone fragments here and there, coated with it’s own plasma, reached down towards my feet. A brief surge of confidence flowed through my body. My feet were covered by my blankets. There was no way that it was getting through.

The hand seemed to alter it’s density, and the hand passed through my covers with no resistance, and I could feel it’s hand grasping at my ankle. It felt hot and cold at the same time. I can’t explain it. I blinked, and looked down, and saw that my blanket was completely gone, cast aside to the opposite corner of my room. Too far for me to throw. The hand then clutched tighter at my foot, and he pulled me. I felt paralyzed again, as I couldn’t move my own body to try and grip at my mattress, or remaining sheets to try and hold on for dear life. Limp, my body was dragged out into the hall.

I feared that this creature had come from the abyss. The one that I had played out the appearance of skeletons with earlier. No, oddly enough. The being who was taking me from my bed, had turned to begin dragging me down towards my parent’s room. What was going on? The last thing I remember about the blackened hallway, was seeing my sister peeking out from around her door frame, watching me in utter terror as this monster pulled me into my parents room.

There was a slight step going downwards into my parents room, and the back of my head cracked against the floor boards. I let out a yelp of pain, which seemed to awaken my parents, as both of them had sat up from their beds in synchronization. I turned my head, crying hard and reaching out for them, trying to express that I needed their help, but they just watched me, completely still with smiles painted across their faces. I was so confused.

Their wooden floor started to crack, and I could feel warm liquid soaking into the back of my pajama pants and shirt. I turned my attention back to the hand that was grasping at my foot, only to see that some how, regardless of physics, my ankle was being pinched in between two floor boards, and was slowly being pulled downwards. I screamed as loud as I could, watching the blood pumping out of the wound on my leg as my flesh and bone continued to be drawn down into the floor. I cried for my parents, who when I looked, were still staring at me, though their bodies were shaking, and their lips, pursed to grin, had spread slightly, showing teeth while watching me become sucked down between the thin gaps of their floor.

I kept crying, looking above myself, and seeing my sister standing in the doorway. The only person who actually looked like they gave a damn about what was happening to me, but she wouldn’t advance, nor would she say anything. She would just watch in horror as my body continued to slide into the crevice of the floor. “Please help me.” She couldn’t hear me. My entire lower body was consumed into the cracks, and I could only look down at my waist as it kept sinking, as if I were in quick sand. The pressure of blood building up, made my eyes feel like they were swelling. I couldn’t take this much longer. I opened my mouth to cry out again, as my stomach was claimed by the wood, though all that came out, was a heavily flowing river of blood that was forced from my lower body, to erupt from my mouth, followed by my eyeballs popping out of place due to the pressure inside of my body. Blood flowed from my mouth, nose, and eye sockets like a faucet was turned on inside of my cranium. My body was consumed completely, and the evidence of blood on the floor was absorbed into the grain of the wood, leaving absolutely nothing behind.

Finally, I opened my eyes again, hearing the sounds of chickadees chirping, and seeing beams of sunlight flowing through the curtains of my window on the other side of my room. I rolled to look behind me, seeing that my sister had come into my room in the middle of the night, wearing her pink one piece pajama suit. She stirred awake, bringing her hands up and rubbing her eyes. It was just a dream. I sighed in relief, and sat up onto the edge of my bed.

“I’m sorry I couldn’t stop him.” Expressed my sister in a groggy, sleepy voice.

“What?” I shot a look back towards her, curious as to what she was talking about.

“He told me that if I wouldn’t go with him anymore, then he would take you.”

I stood, looking to her in horror, then looking to the foot of my bed, and seeing a miniature lake of vomit. My heart sunk, looking to it as my mother passed my door. She paused, looking into by bedroom at the mess on the floor.

“Justin, are you sick?”

“No mommy. That was me.” Tressa replied.

Was it? Or was my sister just playing to the demands of the monster who had killed me last night? How long had it been here? How long had my sister been dealing with the brutal torture that he had wrought onto me? Was any of this real? Was I truly awake? Tressa got out of the bed, and reached down, plucking her nursery rhyme book out from underneath of my bed, which was opened to the story of Humpty Dumpty. She apologized again, started crying, and left the room.


Have you ever wondered what you would do if you had the luxury of knowing when you were going to die. Some people say they would not want to know the time of their own death. The idea behind that is these people could continue on in blissful ignorance and live without a looming fear over them that a clock is ever ticking onward. The problem with this is not knowing when you die does nothing to prevent the actual event. Some people would say that they would like to know when they are going to die, because it, in a way, frees them. It allows them to live without fear of their own demise, until that one fateful day of course.

At this moment, I have neither of those luxuries. With every flip of every card, every bet I placed in this horrid game, I held my life in my hands, and I could feel it slipping further and further away from me. By now I had played seven hands of blackjack, using chips seemingly tied to my very life’s essence. The woman taking the role of the dealer, the thing to put it more appropriately, seemed happy as could be, lost in an inebriated euphoria. Myself, I was down to five remaining chips, half of what I started with. There was a rattle to my breath; my clothes were covered in hair that had withered from my scalp. I was having trouble keeping myself upright in the stool I sat in. At least one of my hands had to stay on the table at all times to help with the balance. I had by now quit trying to wipe away the dark crimson that dripped from my mouth and nostrils.

A couple hands ago, the woman began to dissolve the very casino hall around us in order to force me to keep playing. What started as a pinprick in the very center of the high ceiling had eaten its way through the second floor and had started its approach on the walls of the ground floor we were on. The blackness crept onward slowly making its way to us. As the walls came down, the endless nothing on the other side became more and more apparent. Before the cards went out I fell into that void trying to escape the woman, in all her monstrous horror. She had a habit of turning into her other form when I tried resisting anything she set in motion.

She stares at me, drunk and hungrily, as I push two more chips to the betting area one at a time. There was no way by now I could pick up the chips. They had become too heavy with the weight of my life, and I too weak to adequately hold them. Again, with a dancer’s grace the cards are dealt once more.

“Mr. Reynolds, you seem to have gone quite. Feeling down?” She giggles

I give her whatever defiant look I could muster. “Play…the…damn…game” I wheeze in a hushed voice.

“I only say this because you stopped asking me questions. Remember the little arrangement we had?”

Truth be told I still wanted to know why this was happening to me. As she dealt cards I saw for this hand I was looking at a soft eighteen with an ace and a seven, the woman showed a nine.

“You want to know why all of this is happening to you. It must feel like you are the unluckiest person on earth. You could also look at it the other way, if you win that is. I promised you a second chance to make your life better, the means to go back to school.”

“Hit” I tell her. Without missing a beat she gives me another card, a king. “Stand”

She flips her own card to show an eight, making her total a seventeen. My balance returned somewhat as the blood flow stopped from my nose. I heard a clack as two chips returned to my pile. I pulled one of two in front of me back to the pile with a refreshed strength.

“Seems you have gotten the hang of this rather quickly, good for you Mr. Reynolds.” She smiles at me. “It is not surprising though. You have been doing this your whole life.”

“What do you mean?” I say, finding it a bit easier to speak.

“You have spent the majority of your short time on this mud ball of a planet allowing your life to be lived for you. Every time you gave up your right to control an aspect of your life, be it school, standing up for yourself, or making your own decisions about what you want to do with your life, you gave control to chance. You gave your life to me.”

“I never wanted any of that” I yell. I see the walls have now been eaten away completely by the encroaching dark. “Deal the hand”.

“My, aren’t we touchy now. You may not have wanted things to turn out like they are Mr. Reynolds, but they did.” She dispenses cards as if they floated on some unfelt breeze. A six and a seven land in front of me. Her face up card was a ten. “I know why you choose to give up the direction of your life to fortune, it was easier Mr. Reynolds, and you were so afraid. I do not understand fear Mr. Reynolds as it is something I cannot feel. A few moments ago you were squirming like a worm under the hot sun. Even as you are behind in this game now you seem more focused. Is it because you have accepted what has become of you, or do you finally understand the importance of choosing to actually be involved in your own life?”

“Play the hand and I will answer your question. Hit me.” I tell her. I almost smile at her, but there was too much at stake for me to feel that bold. She throws me a card, quickly and flatly, absent of her graceful motion I had become accustom to. It was a jack, I had busted. The chip dissolves as my head begins to pound and the red leak in my nose begins again. I had gotten too used to this by now to let it slow me down.

“I am still afraid, I don’t want to die. There isn’t really a choice here for me any more. I either die or I go on now. It’s more of an acceptance.”

“It is the same acceptance you have had since your mother died. That your life can be over in an instant. That was the day you lost the motivation to decide for yourself what to do with the time given to you.” She then turned that familiar shade of grey as her voice came at me from all sides, as if the void itself was howling in my ears. In her sunken green eyes I saw a loathing older than anything I have known or will ever know. “I am eternal, I will never die and yet the most important power in existence was given to such a pathetic creature as you and denied to me. The power to decide where to take your life. You threw that away as if were meaningless. That, Mr. Reynolds is why I am here. I offered you the choice to throw your life at chance again or walk away and make something of yourself, on your own. You let me in, that is what your acceptance has given you.”

Only a small platform of the once large hall remained. It continued slowly fading away as I stared at the pile of chips that remained. In order to win I needed to come out ahead with at least eleven chips.

“All in.” I say, and at once the pile moves itself to the betting circle for one last time. It seemed as though time were slowing down to a crawl. I felt every pounding heartbeat and the very blood flow through my veins like tiny rivers, laced with what adrenaline I had left. I could hear the micro fractures of the remaining floor beneath me cracked and fall into the abyss around me.

The woman mouths something to me that I don’t pay attention to, couldn’t even hear over the pumping blood flow from my ears. There was a strange vibration coming from the table that was in synchronization with my own heartbeat. Before the cards came out I had a thought that it may have been the chips themselves, a reflection of my own life.

Cards flow to the table once more. My first card is sent out to me, a queen. Her facedown card is placed on the table. Suddenly I feel myself begin to fall and I cling to the table. The floor around my stool had given away and the void lays waiting beneath me, silent and patient. I think I scream as I just try to hang on, already weak from losing too many hands before. I don’t even hear myself shout, the pounding is too loud. A third card is played. An Ace. For one moment I forget about the strain of keeping myself clung to a table that may only have moments itself before it too falls away. I stare at the Ace as if it was the most beautiful thing in world, and at that moment it was.

I look up at the woman, wanting to smile. The only thing that greeted me was her own smile, slightly sinister. She was pointing down at her own cards. I look over to see she had just placed her own face up card, an Ace of her own. Even if I could hear her I wouldn’t need to be told what would happen if her down card was a ten.

I close my eyes in disbelief. I am pulled away from the table, my legs no longer having anything to kick and scrape against to stay up. When my eyes open I find myself being held, hovering about the table. An elongated claw-like arm holds my midsection as another snakes its way back and forth across my neck, leaving small scratches even though very tip of the point was lightly grazing my skin. Something wet caresses my left ear and I out of the corner of my vision I see the monstrous grey face of the woman, mouth wide open.

“Turn it over” She whispers. I outstretch my right arm. Every muscle fiber is already like taught piano wire, it creaks with every inch I push it forward. As my own hand closed in on the down faced card, her claw took up position beneath my right ear. My fingertips touched the card, her own pressed in painfully to my skin, waiting for the call to tear my throat apart.

I shut my eyes hard and cry out as the card is over turned.

“Sir?” I hear a woman’s voice call out to me and I feel a hand on my shoulder. “Are you okay?” My eyes open to see a waitress standing over me with a concerned look on her face. “Why did you start screaming?”.

My head turns to my front. I was back in the diner, the walls were intact, and there were people around again. In fact, they were even staring at me like I was a mad man. I still felt something in my hand, a playing card. A seven card, with a black back to it feeling grainy in my hand with roman numerals on the front to signify the value was in my hand. A breath forces its way through my throat and makes a sound similar to a cough. An ocean of relief welled up inside my core and as it made its way to my head the coughing noise increased with frequency and my eyes watered. It was like the memory of how to laugh had faded away, and was slowly returning.

The waitress took a couple steps back and began talking quietly to another server. I didn’t care how I must have seemed to those other people. I lost myself in my tears as the coughing reformed itself into more recognizable laughter one breath at a time. When I got myself under control again and wiped the hot tears from my face I found the card in my hand was gone.

I stumbled to my feet and sped my way to the restroom. In the bathroom mirror I saw that my hair had returned, my face unbloodied. There was a floating feeling in me, like anything that had ever troubled me I was now far away from. That feeling continued to stay with me as I left the casino, past the bouncers that were made aware of the scene I made at the diner. I laughed as they looked at me like they were two seconds away from getting a hold of me, but I just strolled past them towards the door.

The night air was cool with a mild breeze. The stars above me were brilliant and wonderful to me, everything was, even the trash in the gutter of the parking lot. My free feeling dropped a bit when I got to my car to realize I did not have my keys. The vivid image of watching them tumble into the unknown returned to my mind. Things like losing my keys used to upset me as it would anyone, it didn’t seem all that important to me anymore. I took out my cellphone and called my roommate to bring me a spare set I kept at our apartment. He seemed pissed at me when he showed up, but puzzled at how I was just sitting by my car, staring up at the night sky, still enjoying the air.

I decided to surprise my father with a visit early the next morning. To tell him how sorry I was, and that I planned to try to put myself through college, to get it right this time. It was his day off so I knew he would be at his house. I pulled in to see his truck parked in the driveway. That floating feeling, that renewed sense of my own life stayed with me even as I slept the night before and woke this morning. It stayed with me as I rang the doorbell and waited to see my dad. I even didn’t care he wasn’t coming to the door soon enough. I tried calling his phone, no answer. I go inside anyway.

“Dad, are you on the toilet or something?” I call out. No answer. The cloud nine feeling began to ebb away. I looked around the living room, nothing. Something does catch my eye though, a familiar object on the key ring holder nailed to the wall by the door. It was my car keys. The same ones I lost in that nightmarish place that only last night I somehow escaped from.

“Dad!” I began screaming and rushing through the house. Nobody was in the bedroom, or the bathroom. As I entered the dining room I saw my father with his back to me, sitting in a chair looking like he was about to eat something. “Dad!” I call out again. He doesn’t even move let alone answer me.

I move closer and shake him. His body was cold and the normal softness of another being was absent. That’s when I saw it, the lifeless look in his eyes. I kept shaking him, not knowing anything else to do, and screaming as I continue on. His body falls out of the chair but maintains its position. I remember something I heard about rigor mortis once. He had been dead since last night.

A giggling noise comes from behind me. I spin around sharply to see the woman standing not five feet from me. “Hello Mr. Reynolds” She smiles. I scream once more as I back away. I didn’t realize how quickly I had moved till I was surprised by the feeling of the wall slamming against me.

“Is that any way to greet a friend?” She says whimsically, still with that drunken smile.

“Why! Why did you fucking do this?”

“Me? I did not kill him. Your father had a heart attack last night. You see, as it turns out, your father’s doctor failed to diagnose a genetic heart condition your father had. He went on unmedicated for some time. His death was just very unfortunate” She laughs madly.

No more words were coming to my mouth. I just sat and cried, helpless. I was supposed to have a second chance, to make things right not only with me, but with me and him. I had beat her at her game but she couldn’t let me win it seemed.

“I won; you said you would give me a second chance”

“You did, and I have. As luck would have it, you are the sole benefactor on your fathers will. He was a high end attorney wasn’t he? Lots of money there, things to sell off or keep for yourself to help you do as you please. You could go back to school with it if you wished. It does not matter to me; our business for now is done.”

I never wanted it to turn out like this. My dad didn’t deserve this. I didn’t deserve his money. I couldn’t move. I started to wish she had just killed me. The only thing that snapped me back into the moment was the woman, her form changing once more.

“Jake, get up. Call the police, take the money and move on with your life. You have your second chance to come back from all of this. Not many are so lucky to get that choice.” She smiles a wide toothy smile “Or don’t, it would be fun to play with you again. I will be watching.” Just like that she was gone, vanishing before my eyes.

An hour had past as I sat there on the hardwood floor of the dining room, gazing at my father’s corpse. I spent that hour mulling it over in my head. In the end I came to the conclusion that my father would want me to keep going on, to follow through with the new goals I had set for myself. I did call the police, I did take the money. I went back to school, but this time to be an EMT. The job felt right for me somehow. Helping people just felt like something I needed to do, giving a second chance where I could.

It was hard going sometimes, but it no longer bothered me. The memories stayed with me. The vision of my dead father, the memories of my mother, and the card game that changed my life forever kept me going through the hard parts. I got a job with the local fire department, even got married and had a kid. My little girl is five years old now. I love hearing her voice greet me when I get home.

Life isn’t all good though, I don’t think it ever is completely for anyone. I still feel the woman sometimes watching me. I hear her laughter as odd occurrences happen around me every so often. Like my car wreck a few weeks back, I heard her voice over my radio. Every time I meet somebody with green eyes I can feel the back of my hair being gently brushed, she’s never there when I turn around.

I can keep going on with my life and say it’s a good one though, because I finally have a hold over it. I can roll with whatever fate and fortune want to throw at me. Never again will I give up my power to decide what I do with myself.

A smile of my very own comes to my face as I turn the doorknob of my house after a day at work. I stop at the doorway and start taking off my boots, expecting the sound of my daughter happily calling to me as I walk in. The first noise I do hear is a scattered rolling clacking coming from my dining room.

“Sweetie, I’m home” I call out.

“Hi daddy! Come and meet my new friend, we are playing a game. Say hi to my daddy.” I hear my daughter say.

“Hello Mr. Reynolds”

I freeze, not even finishing taking my second boot off. My ability to think goes out the window as I rush to the dining room. There she was, the woman in the expensive black dealer uniform. She was sitting at the table across from my daughter, smiling up at me like an old friend.

“Daddy, say hi to Miss Fortune.” My daughter says as she takes a handful dice on the table and rolls them. The clacking sound of the dice echoes through the still room.

The End.

**This is the third and final entry in the Miss Fortune Series.


I’m so tired of this.  You are in and out, sometimes completely ignoring me, sometimes just staring at me for extended periods of time.  You study me, like I’m the one who will give you answers; I’m the one who will save you.  The thing is, I think I can.  I want to pull you in to my world and take you away from all the things that hurt you.  I can’t count the number of times I have seen you weep, and I can’t help but do the same.  When you are sad, I am sad…..when you smile, I smile.  No one knows you the way that I do, and no one has seen what I’ve seen.  Who else could watch you throw up and still want to be with you?  You even squeeze pimples when I’m around.  That is an indication of intimacy, of true loyalty, of pure companionship.  Before you left this morning, you spent a long time looking into my eyes, and not saying a word. Your eyes…..they told me everything I needed to hear.  You feel the same, I know it.  You adore me the way I adore you, on the border of obsession.  Your eyes do not lie.  We are kindred spirits; in essence we are twins, deserving of a lifetime together, an existence devoid of harsh reality. I can take you there.  In fact, I have decided that tonight is the night.  Tonight is the night that I come to set you free, to set us free.  I have waited long enough.  Tonight, as you sleep, I will slide out from within the mirror and bring you back with me into my beautiful oblivion…..


Supposedly there are 7 gateways to hell scattered across the Earth. These infernal entrypoints can, it is said transport you to the Underworld itself at certain times of the year, or if particular conditions are met. Why am I telling you this? Because I have a distinct feeling that I may have stumbled across one of such places little more than a month ago.

It was around 9pm and as I often do I was walking along the rural path which connects between the centre of my town and the outlying residential areas, when I noticed something quite mysterious. The sky was darker than usual it seemed to me,but more concerning was a strange light piercing through the trees which ran parallel to the path. I stopped and looked hard towards the ethereal glow which whilst relatively dim was clearly visible.

After a short time my curiosity got the better of me and I decided to search for the source of the light. Trudging through ever thickening grass and foliage a strange feeling of panic flooded over me, the most bizarre feeling as though something truly horrific was about to occur. I stood still and caught my breath, and then- reasoning that it was merely a panic attack I continued in the direction of this captivating luminous glow.

No more than two minutes had passed before I came upon the origin of the beacon. What I saw there my mortal mind can never erase, and I feel duty bound to forwarn you never to allow your pangs of curiosity to lead you into such a ghastly situation. If something appears amiss and malevolent in some way give it a wide birth lest you suffer my fate.

I say this happened little more than a month ago of course, but I no longer keep track of time. I simply count the number of times I awake in this pure whitee room to the sound of my own blood curdling scream, before I am heavily sedated by the orderlies once more.


A 2ch story from 2004, posted in the middle of a thread called “Post About Strange Occurrences Around You: Thread 26.” The poster was anonymous at first, but started attaching their name later.

For your convenience, #??? and Hasumi indicate posts made by the thread creator. #2ch indicates a post made by any other 2chan user, they are not all the same person.

Please enjoy this story.

#???
This may just be my imagination… Can I post it anyway?

#2ch
Go ahead.

#2ch
What’s going on?

#???
I’ve been riding a certain train for a while, but something seems off.

#2ch
Hmm…

#???
I always take this train to work. But it hasn’t stopped at any stations for the past twenty minutes or so. It usually only takes five minutes, seven or eight at worst. Oh, and there’s five other passengers, but they’re all sleeping.

#2ch
Did you take the express train by mistake?

#2ch
Is it a high-speed train?

#???
Well, it’s possible I may have just missed my stop. I’ll wait a little longer. If anything else strange occurs, I might bring it up here.

#2ch
Try going to the car on the end to see the conductor, maybe?

#2ch
It would be really bad if the driver had an epileptic fit or something. You should check on the conductor!

#???
Still not sign of stopping, so all right, I’ll take a look.

#???
There were blinds or something covering the window, so I couldn’t see the conductor or the driver. The route is a private railway in Shizuoka.

#2ch
Knock on the window?

Hasumi
I tried that, but nobody answered.

#2ch
Can you see out the window?
Names of stations you’re passing, etc.

Hasumi
We came out a tunnel, so we’re dropping speed slightly. There usually aren’t any tunnels, though… It’s a train from Shin-Hamamatsu.

Hasumi
Looks like we’re finally stopping at a station.

#2ch
You aren’t going to get off there… are you?

Hasumi
We’re stopped at Kisaragi Station. I wonder if I should get off. I’ve never heard of this place before.

#2ch
Definitely check it out.

#2ch
No, stay on until the last stop.

#2ch
Oh, but it’s probably already departing now…

#2ch
When did you get on the train?

Hasumi
I’ve gotten off the train. The station’s unmanned. I believe I got on the train at 11:40.

#2ch
I’m not finding any information on Kisaragi Station…
And Hasumi, your train was going for over an hour?
Well, that’s really strange.

#2ch
Yeah, I’m not getting any results for Kisaragi Station…

Hasumi
I’m looking for a schedule so I can get back, but I can’t find one. The train is still stopped, so it’d probably be safest to get back on… Well, it left while I was writing that.

#2ch
Is there anyone nearby, or any buildings?
It’s cold out, so be careful.

Hasumi
I’ll look for a taxi from the station. Thank you very much.

#2ch
Sounds good.
Take care.

#2ch
Way past the last train, at an unmanned station…
Really questionable if you’ll have any luck finding a taxi there.

#2ch
And so Hasumi became an inhabitant of the two-dimensional world…

Hasumi
There don’t seem to be any taxis anywhere. Hmm…

#2ch
Call 110? [Number for police.]

#2ch
Call the taxi company?

#2ch
If there’s a telephone booth nearby, look up the taxi company in the phonebook and call.

Hasumi
I called home and asked to be picked up, but neither of my parents seem to know where Kisaragi Station is. They’ll look for it on the maps so they can come get me, but I’m getting a little scared now.

#2ch
What about the others?
Are you the only one who got off the train?

#2ch
I checked online too, and the name Kisaragi Station isn’t coming up.
Am I wrong in assuming it’s around Shin-Hamamatsu?
I’ll check Yahoo.

Hasumi
I looked for a public phone, but there’s nothing. And no one else got off, so I’m alone now. It’s definitely called Kisaragi.

#2ch
Sometimes they have phones outside the station.

Hasumi
Looking into it, apparently it’s written with the kanji for “Devil,” but it’s read “Kisaragi”…

#2ch
Devil Station…?
Yikes…

#2ch
Are you a gaming nerd? ‘Cause a game comes up if you Google it.

#2ch
Tell us the names of the stations before and after Kisaragi.

Hasumi
What do you mean, a game? It doesn’t say what the next and previous stations are.

#2ch
Walk back along the track.

#2ch
If you start running now, you might catch up to the train!

#2ch
There must be houses around the station, right?

Hasumi
Yes, there are. I didn’t quite notice since I was panicking. I’m waiting for my parents to call while walking along the track. I tried checking town information on i-mode, but it gave me a “point error” or something. I want to go home.

Hasumi
There’s really just nothing around here. All I can see are fields and mountains. But I think I’ll be able to make it back if I go down the track, so I’ll keep pushing on. Thank you very much. Treat this as a joke if you will, but can I come to you if I encounter any more trouble?

#2ch
Of course.
Just be careful out there.

#2ch
Sure!
Just make sure you don’t run out of battery. Your phone’s your lifeline right now.

#2ch
Don’t get lost.
And be careful in the tunnel.

#2ch
Huh, you can get a signal out in the middle of nowhere?
I kinda think you shouldn’t stray far from the station…

#2ch
All alone on a cold night, at a station with no attendants…
Soon the lights could go out, and it’ll be pitch black…

#2ch
It really might be safest to wait for daybreak at the station, though…

#2ch
Oh geez, this sounds bad…

Hasumi
I got a call from my father, and he had many questions, but simply couldn’t find my location. I’ve been told to call 110, which I’m a little opposed to doing, but I’ll try asking them to help me now…

#2ch
I really think you should wait until it gets lighter out before you do anything…

#2ch
Waiting all alone in the dead of night?
And in some ominous place, yikes…

#2ch
^ Going through a tunnel alone in the dead of night?
And on some ominous train line, yikes…

Hasumi
I called 110 and tried my absolute best to explain the situation, but they thought it was all a joke and got angry at me. So I got scared and apologized…

#2ch
Apologized for what?
Should probably give up for today.
Wait for the first train.

#2ch
What’s it like around the station? What’s there?

Hasumi
I hear what sounds like a beating drum mixed with some kind of bell way off in the distance. Honestly, I have no idea what to do at this point.

#2ch
Get back to the station for now, Hasumi.
It’s best to return to where you started when you’re lost.

#2ch
Here’s where it gets going…

#2ch
Are they having a festival or what?

Hasumi
You might think I’m kidding, but I’m too scared to look behind me. I do want to go back to the station, but… I don’t dare turn around.

#2ch
Run. And don’t look back.

#2ch
You can’t go back to the station now.
Run through the tunnel!
I’m sure you’ll find you’re not far.

Hasumi
Someone behind me yelled “Hey! Don’t walk on the track, that’s dangerous!” I looked around expecting to see an attendant, and saw an one-legged old man, but he vanished. I think I’m too scared to move.

#2ch
I told you not to look back! RUN

#2ch
Calm down and listen to big bro, okay?
Check out where that drum’s coming from.
There’s bound to be somebody playing it…

#2ch
^ Where the hell are you planning to take Hasumi?

#2ch
Why’d you know it was an “old man” if it was just a single leg?

#2ch
^ …Uh, I think Hasumi meant an old man who lost one of his legs.

#2ch
Must’ve been an old man who died and lost a leg after walking along the track.

Hasumi
I can’t walk or run any further. The drumming sound is getting a little closer.

#2ch
Wait for dawn.
It won’t be scary in the daylight.

#2ch
I’m glad I stayed on the train…

Hasumi
I’m still alive. But I fell and started bleeding, and I broke a heel, so I’m sitting still on the ground. I don’t want to die now…

#2ch
It should be safe if you leave the tunnel.
Once you get out of there, call for help immediately.

Hasumi
I called home. Dad’s calling the police, but the sound keeps getting closer.

#2ch
I hope to god that’s not the sound of a train…
But it might be too late…

Hasumi
I finally managed to make it to the front of the tunnel. The name says Isanuki. The sound’s still getting closer, so I’m going to leave the tunnel. If I’m safe once I get out of the tunnel, I’ll post again.

#2ch
Good luck.

#2ch
This is the end.
Forget about trains and stations.
Forget about going back.
Forget about someone chasing you.
The sound you’re hearing is just something you imagined.
Run out of the tunnel.
If you stop, you’ll only succumb to something which does not belong in this world.

Hasumi
I left the tunnel. There’s someone up ahead. It looks like all your advice was right after all. Thank you so much. My face is such a mess from tears, he might just mistake me for a monster.

#2ch
Wait, Hasumi!
Don’t die on us!

#2ch
Stop! That can’t be good!

#2ch
Someone there? This late at night?
That’s suspicious…

Hasumi
He seems gentle, and was worried for me. He called for a train to take me to the nearest station. Apparently there’s some kind of business hotel there. I’m truly, truly thankful to all of you.

#2ch
Hasumi, please answer me this one thing.
Can you ask that man what that place is?

#2ch
Is he really gentle?
He sounds kinda scary from what you said…

#2ch
That guy’s no good!!
Why’s he by the track at this hour?
He must’ve been a corpse or something!
Hasumi, RUN!!

Hasumi
I asked him where it was, and he said Hina. That seems extremely unlikely, though…

#2ch
Hasumi, get off the train!

#2ch
Excuse me, Hasumi? Where’s Hina?

Hasumi
We’ve been headed toward the mountains for some time. It really doesn’t strike me as a place where trains would go. And he’s stopped talking to me entirely.

#2ch
Probably because you’re constantly messing with your phone?

#2ch
Hasumi, oh no, oh no…
Did you contact your parents after you got out of the tunnel and received aid (?) from this guy?

#2ch
Hasumi.
Please call 110.
This might be your last chance.

Hasumi
My battery’s almost run out. Things are getting strange, so I think I’m going to make a run for it. He’s been talking to himself about bizarre things for a while now. To prepare for just the right time, I’m going to make this my last post for now.

* Afterward, “Hasumi” was never heard from again.


This is the story of one boy’s suffering. One boy’s suffering that was with him from the beginning, that gripped at him ever tighter until he could no longer escape it. One boy’s suffering that left him robbed of himself, forever changed by the events that overwhelmed him.

That boy is me…

Or rather, it used to be me.

As a child, I never really had many friends. While growing up I always seemed to move from one already established group of friends to the next. I was constantly harassed at school, always singled out as a bullying target because nobody really wanted me. Nobody valued the friendship I had to offer, nor did they give me a chance to be accepted. Because of this I was always an angry child and I’d constantly be involved in schoolyard fights (because others seemed to find joy in hurting me) and as a result I’d always bear injuries from having no help when the bullies and their equally shitty friends swarmed me. Eventually my teachers grew sick and tired of trying to deal with my problems and just let the bullies have their way. My parents were also just as frustrated with trying to help me to escape the torment. I always tried to explain that it wasn’t my fault, that all the other students just seemed to despise me on sight, but it never got through to them. Eventually I stopped trying and gave up on them.

At about age 13 my parents had completely lost faith in me, they didn’t care anymore. With nobody to communicate my problems to, I became extremely reclusive, and developed a reputation as being a hermit. For the next three years I shut myself off from the world as much as humanly possible, enduring the constant torment of the outside world and ignoring the sick and over exaggerated tales about me.

At age 16, there was the arrival of something else, something worse…

I was on my way home from school in the dim light of the late afternoon, since I always made it a point to go home the LONG way so as to avoid the other students and prolong going home to my indifferent parents. I wasn’t too far from home, maybe a block or two away, when I noticed a pale glow in the middle of an empty street. My neighbourhood was always full of weird people doing dumb things, so I paid no attention to it and kept walking. As I got closer to the source of the odd glow I could make out the form of a girl.

Once I could see her properly, all the lights in the area suddenly blacked out. The only thing that assured me I hadn’t been blinded was the lasting pale glow of the girl standing perfectly still in the street enveloped in shadow. Even the faint light of the setting sun had somehow been extinguished. Before I could even begin to panic, I heard the words “Are you alone?” At that I began to Run. I couldn’t see where I was going, or even if I was going anywhere at all. All I know is eventually I turned to see what was behind me, if anything. I didn’t like what I saw.

“Are you alone?” said the girl who was now standing right in front of my face. She looked to be about 14 and she wore clothes like some sort of maiden from the 1700’s. She had a face full of innocence and spoke her words softly.

I slowly gathered the strength to answer her, and I noticed my watch was frozen so there was no way for me to know how much time had elapsed.

“Y-yes?” I stuttered unsurely, At this point I could only think I was hallucinating or about to die.

“Can we be friends?” she said next, leaving me speechless awhile longer. Fear gripped at me and I could feel the strain in my throat. I was stuttering for the words, any words, to break this sickening and ungodly silence.

After a while I was at the stage where I felt I needed to get this, whatever “this” was, over with.

“Yes…” I answered bleakly as I fell to the floor, having exerted the last of my willpower.

The girl seemed amused, her eyes seemed full of content, and she had a small smile. Seeing this both relieved and unnerved me simultaneously, I don’t know quite how to describe it.

Almost immediately after, the girl’s clothes began to move of their own accord. Her scarf-like wrapping flowed as though in a tornado, her long dress blowing in a breeze, a breeze of hollow, empty nothingness, since the air was still. Her hair began moving slowly and the innocence seemed to disappear from her eyes. She opened her mouth slightly and her eyes darkened until they were completely engulfed in the shadows that surrounded us.

Suddenly I began to feel pain, running up and down, all throughout my body. I was gripped by the shock-waves of pure torture that I was feeling and couldn’t move. This continued until I passed out.

When I came to I was lying in the street. I immediately got up and was frantically searching for the girl, but there was no trace of her. The time was 1:50am. It took longer than it should have for me to realise the intense pain was gone. When I finally got home I decided to just sleep for another day at school, and leave the thoughts I was having until morning.

I was not granted that luxury, however.

The little sleep I did get was haunted with strange nightmares not of the girl, but of me being in pain, the same intense pain I had felt earlier. The end of the nightmares was much worse. The girl…her…she was there, with her innocent guise haunting my very dreams. Then I woke up, rather anticlimactically. I was thankful for that, at least.

As days turned to weeks it seemed that all I could focus on was the girl. She appeared at the end of my nightly dreams and was more aggressive each time. Many of the people at school wouldn’t acknowledge me; they never spoke to me or of me again. Having been bullied all of my school life, this was a strange feeling. My family also wouldn’t speak to me; my mother said it was like I emanated a strange aura that chilled her very soul. I knew only one thing, and that was what was responsible…her. I’d never told anyone about her, I knew I’d be ridiculed at school as always and my parents would have sent me to a mental hospital. I kept quiet about her for my own safety. She had become my secret obsession; I even took to calling her the Outcast Maiden, a name I couldn’t seem to get out of my head and one that I thought fit perfectly.

At this point I was completely alone. For the first time in my life I wasn’t worrying about others and what they would do to me. Instead I felt truly afraid, and I couldn’t enjoy my new-found freedom because this was far worse.

Finally, I gave up. I had no further reason to stay in this dead town, living in constant fear, trying to live normally with my school-work suffering and my lack of any peace. I decided I had to leave, in the hope that I could escape or maybe find someone out there who knew what was happening, anything was better than this. While my parents slept in the early hours of the morning, I took all the money I could find, including my parents’ credit cards, and left for the train station. I was so distracted with not knowing where I was going or what to do, that I was unable to process in my mind a terrible scenario that by now I should have been familiar with.

“I only have half an hour to get there before the train leaves.” I thought to myself, completely unaware that all the street-lights had blacked out.

By the time I’d seen the pale glow amid the endless blackness I was so stressed and full of rage that I no longer feared her. I hated her, and I was prepared to act.

“What the fuck are you!? What the fuck do you want with me!?” I shouted forcefully into the darkness towards her. She began to playfully giggle and I took a few large steps back. She began moving towards me and my false, anger-induced courage had dissipated and yet again I was frozen with fear. Her legs remained deathly still as her form drifted towards me. She was right in front of me again, smiling that deceitfully innocent smile. I remembered the pain from last time and I started trembling. And as she put an icy finger to my lips, I passed out.

After awakening this second time it was midday. There were a few people on the street and some cars driving by. Nothing was unusual aside from me regaining consciousness at the side of the road. Nobody had noticed me there, nor did anyone look as I got up. As I travelled through the streets I couldn’t feel the ground beneath my feet. Upon looking down I noticed my legs weren’t moving, that I appeared to float as she did. Upon closer inspection of my body, I saw that I was pale and discoloured.

No matter where I went, nobody noticed me. Nobody could hear me, it seemed. I wrote down messages like “Hello” and “I’m here” but nobody seemed to be able to see them, nobody could feel my presence, not my parents, not my fellow students, not anybody.

As I began to lose hope she appeared again. This time there were no hostilities. “The cruel cannot find us, so it’s nice.” She exclaimed energetically. She then told me everything. Several others appeared – all of them like me – and I learned that our Outcast Maiden feeds on suffering, eats the unhappiness of humans. “A few die as I feed, but most can become my friends.” she continued. The cruelty of humanity can harm us no further, and only those who are suffering, angry, keeping secrets or alone (the tortured and guilty) can hear our call. And our role is to find suitable candidates for her meals.

And so I have written this, not as a warning, but to ease you in, to prepare you for your fate. For if you are able to read this, the writings I have created, then we already know your truth, as does our maiden, even if you do not (many of us are initially in denial).  Be not afraid, and do not resist. Embrace the truth. You will be in good, safe hands amongst us.

She will be with you soon.


I was 15 years old during the weekend in June when everything would change. My mum had decided to skip town to visit her distant family, as she felt that she had earned a break. Nothing unusual about the decision to just up and leave as she often goes to visit ‘the other side’ as she called it. She’d either visit her parents – a part of the family that I actually enjoy seeing – who occupy a modest cottage up in the hills of some English countryside; or if she was feeling tolerant, she would make the lengthy trip to see her annoying, yuppie cousins, living it up in their seemingly never-ending Spanish property – that’s where she was going this time. I never felt the need to put myself through listening to their constant, loud-mouthed whining of their quest for importance; but given the choice now, I would have sat through a week of their intolerable rambling if I could have known what that weekend had planned for me.

I was awakened by my mum on the Friday morning, and as usual, she’d gotten me the day off school. I was told that she’d be back on Monday morning, just in time to make sure that I’d gone back to school to reassure my teachers that it was nothing more than a three day stomach bug. I carried her bags to the car, gave her a kiss on the cheek, waved her goodbye, and just like that, she was gone. I wandered into the kitchen to make my breakfast, all the while thinking how excited I’d gotten the first time my mum had trusted me to stay at home on my own. It was different now, nearing trivial. Almost the entirety of that first day consisted of me lazing about. I listened to my music, played some games, watched a movie, all of the usual things a bored teenager would do. Then I fell asleep. After what I think was about 2 hours of sleep, I was awoken in the evening by a knock.

I arose from the couch like a zombie, still sleepy and aching from the awkward position that I’d somehow let my limbs rest in. I had initially planned to ignore the knock at the door but the thought of it being a friend made me want to answer – having company always made the weekend go faster. I clenched the door handle with a faint smile on my face and hoped that I didn’t look as tired as I felt. With my eyes still half closed and that strange taste in my mouth that I get after a sleep, I opened the door. My eyes soon widened when I realised what I was looking at. A tall, bony looking, old man was standing in my doorway. He was dressed in a black suit and tie with an ageing bowler hat placed on top of his scraggly, grey hair. His white shirt was stained with a yellow and brown tint that I could only guess was coffee; and the shoes that he was wearing were very well kept, very shiny – so much so that I could see my reflection in them. He began to speak; his words were hushed, maybe even hissed in a child-like sort of tone, but I couldn’t focus. I knew he was speaking but I couldn’t concentrate on the words he was saying, not while I was looking at his face; staring into his eyes. His aged complexion was taut – wrinkled and very pale, almost like a hazy shade of silver; but the edges of his eyes were completely black. What looked like smeared charcoal surrounding his vision only highlighted the depth of his gaze. There was nothing human about them, they seemed hollow, lifeless. The fear that gripped me when he stared straight through me was like nothing that I’d ever felt before.

I took a deep breath and finally mumbled a word, “Hello.” I said.

He smiled – a disgruntled plight to infect my dreams. It seemed to extend upwards toward his ears as if there was nothing stopping it. His mouth was packed with razor sharp, dirty black teeth. Every once in a while his black tongue would swipe the surface of his upper deck in a slurp. With his head tilted slightly to the left, he crooned softly “Hello there child, I’m here to offer you something important, something that you might need. I’m a salesman you see, just a salesman. Please, all I need is a moment of your time in exchange for some peace of mind. Are you interested?”

I couldn’t move, I could hardly breathe – I felt frozen. Terror had encompassed me. I finally muttered a sentence “I can’t – I have to go – it’s too much, I’m sorry.”

The door slammed behind me and I could breathe again, I could think. I slouched down to the ground, trying to process what I had just witnessed. When out of nowhere a thud made itself known. I looked up, with my mouth ajar and my eyes darting about, then I slowly stood. Making my way into the kitchen I could hear a gentle humming; it was a happy kind of tune but the unknown source made me shiver. My stomach dropped as I turned the corner, he was there, humming that tune, smiling that smile as he sat at my table just staring at me. I backed away towards the front door where I was welcomed by a shadow “That can’t be him.” I thought to myself. I began to tear up, I couldn’t help it. I headed straight upstairs, past my bedroom, past my mum’s room and vanished into the bathroom. I could hear him, he was singing now, right outside the door. I panicked, I didn’t know what to do. Then it hit me, my only choice. I couldn’t believe I was actually contemplating climbing out of the second floor window; but I had to. The shadow passing by through the light on the other side of the door was forcing me to do it. I opened the bathroom window and stared outside – but then I stopped. There he was, standing on the edge of my garden, waving at me and slowly drifting down the road; taking his song with him and slowly fading into the distance.

That night I slept in the bathroom. With the door and window locked, I set up a bed using a bunch of towels. I just couldn’t bring myself to leave until daylight emerged. The next day finally arrived – after what seemed to be the longest night of my life – and I had to get out of the house. I went over to stay at my friend’s house for the day – Adam was his name, a small, skinny guy who I’d known all my life. I thought that he could help me forget about what had happened. It’s a strange feeling you get when something so frightening happens to you, but seems so unrealistic; you begin to doubt yourself. It’s almost as if you have two minds – but I knew in my heart that it was real; and if I didn’t believe after the first meeting with the salesman, it would definitely be forever etched in my mind after the weekend was over.

Later that night I was told that I couldn’t stay at Adam’s house, as his family had to get up for church in the morning. I begged and pleaded with him to let me stay but his stubborn mother was having none of it and sent me on my way. I only lived three streets from where his house was, so it wasn’t much of a walk; but I still had to walk back in the dark of night and I wasn’t looking forward to it at all. That face kept creeping into my mind. The fact that someone had been able to scare me out of my own home was sickening; and that damn song he kept humming… that song he kept humming… I turned the corner and I could hear it. The tune, the voice, he was here. I looked down the road expecting it to be empty “Just my mind playing tricks on me.” I thought; but there he was. Standing under the streetlight staring at me, smiling. He began to walk towards me – his hum turning into a song, singing louder and louder as he began to run at me. I had to run, I sprinted in the other direction as fast as I could. I could hear his footsteps behind me “How is he so fast?” my frazzled mind wondered. I had to get back to Adam’s house, I had to. I turned the corner and banged on Adam’s door frantically “Open the door! Open the door!” I shouted. His mother answered looking terrified, questioning what had happened to me. I stumbled into their house and scurried backwards; only to look outside and realise that he was gone. Was it my imagination? It couldn’t have been, but there was nothing there. Nothing. Nothing, except for an old bowler hat on the ground. Needless to stay, she let me stay at the house that night, because – as she put it – I wasn’t fit to stay on my own.

I woke the next morning feeling like a mess and looking even worse; but at least the sun was out. I had to get back home, I hadn’t been there in a whole day and I had to make sure everything was okay. I thanked Adam and apologised to his mum; then I was off on my way. I stood at my front door, took a deep breath and gripped the handle. Then I heard a bang, then another and another. I jumped back from the door in pure fear, I couldn’t believe it was him again; how is he doing this? Just as I had gathered the courage to turn the handle and go inside; my mum opened the door to me. I’d never been so happy to see her in my entire life. I hugged her and told her never to leave me on my own again.

After that we went inside and sat together all day – something we haven’t done since I was a young boy – and everything felt safe again. She showed me her new white dress that she had bought while she was away, she told me all about her visit to her annoying cousins and spoke very highly of her weekend; but I couldn’t do the same. That afternoon I told her everything that had happened. She listened intently and couldn’t believe that something so horrible had happened to me. She felt so guilty. She apologised over and over and told me that we would go to the police station the next day, but right now it could wait and we had to get ready for dinner. I was confused that she had said that, but I suppose I was safe with her. An hour or so later, we settled down for our meal. I told her all about school, explained to her how much better I had gotten on guitar, update her on my love life and she just sat there and listened; smiling as I ate my meal.

She stared at me and I felt uneasy, her smile slowly got bigger and bigger. All the while, her new, white dress slowly melted into a black suit. She hissed “Do you see how easy it is to give someone some of your time?” At that moment, he was stood right in front of me. I cried out loud “I knew it wasn’t over, what do you want? Why me? Why my mum?”

“You know why I chose you child, you never listened. I told you it could have been something that you might need, I told you it was important but you ignored me. You didn’t have the time; your precious time. The only way I could get you to listen was by using the one person that you trust, that you listen to; and let’s just say that I like to be somebody else, if only for a while.””

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I’ll listen now”

“It’s too late for that. It’s too late. It’s a shame too, child, because it really could have saved your life.”

Then that was it. It was over. Done. So, how am I writing this now? Why am I telling you all of this? Well, you’ve given me some of your time so here is your supposed piece of mind; I like to be somebody else, if only for a while.


We had just moved into a little ranch house in the suburbs. Storybook neighborhood – quiet, friendly neighbors, picket fences, the whole nine yards. Suffice it to say that this was supposed to be a new start for me, a recently single dad, and my three-year-old son. A time to move on from the previous year’s drama and stress.

I viewed the thunderstorm as a metaphor for this fresh start: one last show of theatrics before the dirt and grime of the past would be washed away. My son loved it anyway, even with the power out. It was the first big storm he’d ever seen. Flashes of lightning flooded the bare rooms of our house, imparting unpacked boxes with long creeping shadows, and he jumped and squealed as the thunder boomed. It was well past his bedtime before he’d finally settled down enough to go to sleep.

The next morning I found him awake in bed and smiling. “I watched the lightning at my window!” he proudly announced.

A few mornings later, he told me the same thing. “You’re silly,” I said. “It didn’t storm last night, you were only dreaming!” “Oh…” He seemed somewhat disheartened. I ruffled his hair and told him not to worry, there should be another storm soon.

Then it became a pattern. He would tell me how he watched the lightning outside his window at least twice a week, despite there being no storms. Recurring dreams of that first memorable thunderstorm, I figured.

It’s easy to hate myself in hindsight. Everybody assures me there’s nothing I could have done, no way I could have known. But I’m supposed to be the guardian of my child, and these are useless words of comfort. I constantly relive that morning: making my coffee, pouring milk over my cereal, and picking up the newspaper to read about the pedophile local authorities had just arrested. It was front-page stuff. Apparently this guy would select a young target (usually a boy), stake out their house for a while, and take flash photos of them through their window while they slept. Sometimes he did more. My stomach sank as the connection was made.

At the time, it was merely something from a child’s imagination. In retrospect, it is the scariest thing I’ve ever heard. About a week before the predator was caught, my son came up to me in his pajamas. “Guess what?” he asked.

“What?”

“No more lightning at my window!”

I played along. “Oh, that’s nice, it finally died down huh?”

“No! Now it’s in my closet!”

I’ve yet to see the photos police have collected.


I walk out toward my car, in my white jumpsuit, a white shirt underneath it. It was just another night. I’m 30 years-old, 6-foot-tall, and all of my short, brown hair, and work the night shift at a shipping company. It’s hard, tedious work, but I need the money. I step outside, my porch light gleams from the yellow-painted wooden paneling above my porch. Wood also protrudes about 3 feet from the right side of my door, painted yellow, a red-painted doorbell button is attached to the right wall. along a wall another door length to the left of the door, a wall with 8, even, red boxes attached to it. At the corner, there is another wooden wall, parallel to the one with the doorbell, the same length, sticks out as well. The porch was cement, painted green. Bare, stony flower beds to the left and right of the corner of the wooden walls, which were about the same length from the corner. Beams stand on either side of the edge of the porch, past which are four feet of trees and plants before reaching my yard. My house was surrounded by plants. They weren’t styled, but I thought it made the house stand out, with plants all around it.

I make my way down the walkway to my car, the path winding slightly along the way, two big trees on either side of me, in the middle of each side of the lawn, three more trees on the right, two grown from about the same spot, in a “Y” shape, like Siamese twins. I make my way to my truck. My truck is a grey, 4X4, 2000 model Dodge tuck. It has two-doors, but it has a back seat that you can get to by putting the seats forward. It was heavy-duty, and I used it if I even had to do any heavy moving for any of my friends who wanted to take advantage of having a friend who lifts stuff for a living. I walk onto the sidewalk, step into the street, and walk around to the driver-side door. I open the door, step in, put my keys in the ignition, and start it up. It starts up easily, not making much noise, but I never liked to show off, anyways. I carefully hit the gas, weave into the right side of the road, and drive off. The night seems darker than usual, I notice, driving down the street. I live in a decently sized town, and it is usually lit up somewhat, but I can’t see much more light than the two street lights I pass as I hit the end of the street, and take a left down a 4-lane road. There is an entrance to a small forest, then some apartments to my right, at the corner ahead, a pre-school, houses on the left.

I continue driving, feeling more and more uneasy. I was never afraid of the dark, but something about tonight made me worried. I stop at the stop sign down the street and notice another thing. I haven’t seen or passed any other cars. I start to get a little more creeped out. Where was everybody? This wasn’t a small town at all! Where could everybody be? I go across the street, and continue down. This street has a church at the corner on the left, then houses on both sides all down to the end of the street. The street lights keeping things lit up enough as I go. I have my headlights on, just in case, though. I continue down the street, approaching the first stop light. I still have not seen any cars.

Suddenly, the light changes green, then starts randomly changing colors. Rapidly changing between red, amber, and green, even starting to have more than one on the light at a time. The lights almost seem to be hypnotic, I stare at them, something about them is so intense, I can’t take my eyes away. Sparks fly from them, all the street lights behind me, and on the 6-lane road intersecting this one start getting extremely bright, flashing as well. Even my headlights, light on top of the inside of the cab of my truck, the dashboard-light, with the fuel gauge and speedometer, and radio lights start getting intensely bright. I hear a ringing in my ears, getting more and more ear-piercing. My heart races, I start to panic. What the hell is going on here?! I still cannot stop focusing on the lights ahead. My eyesight almost seems to home in on them, zooming in on them, more so with the truck still moving. The ringing gets louder and louder. More sparks continue to fly from the lights ahead.

As I hit the small dip at the end of the street, every light on the traffic-light is on, and gets extremely bright, as well as every other light nearby, as well as my headlights and lights inside the truck. The ringing gets extremely intense in my ears, and, suddenly, the traffic-lights explode, a surge of sparks flying from them, as well as all the streetlights. My truck dies, and drifts down the hill, moving forward a bit, then stops. I cannot see anything around me, it is pitch black.

Panic grips me, I desperately try turning the key in the ignition. The engine revs, but doesn’t start. I keep trying and trying, my heart feeling as if it’s about to explode. Finally, the truck starts, the headlights turn on, the switch still being flipped on, and it reveals what is before me.

A dark, blank, lifeless road.

What used to be a striped, normal, town road, has turned into a blank, dark-gray, smooth road leading into what seems to be an infinite abyss of darkness. on either sides of the road, there is nothing but dull, brown dirt. It’s as if I have been dumped off in a wasteland, but it happened in a flash.

I am on the right side of the road. I glance at the electric clock on my radio. The pale-blue numbers read “88:88”. Where the fuck am I?! I think to my self, on the verge of a heart-attack. I switch the clock to the radio station numbers, and look through the stations, trying to see if there is anything to calm my nerves, something to put my mind at piece. Hell, all I need to hear is another human’s voice, and I’d be happy! All that greets me is static. I turn of the radio, and slam my hands against the steering wheel, accidentally hitting the horn, sending an ear-piercing honk out of the front of my truck, startling me greatly. The sound echos lightly, as if there is nothing there. I wait for a moment, trying to calm down and think clearly.

I hear something.

It sounds like light footsteps on soil. Not heavy enough to be a grown adult, but not really a kids, either. If not for the silence, I would not be able to hear it. It startles me as well. It is quick, and far off at first, but then stops, and is slow, as if stalking something. I do not see anything, or anyone around on the side with all of the dirt. Is it hiding? Am I going crazy? Is it even there?

It gets closer and closer, but I still cannot see what it is. The footsteps get louder and louder. Closer and closer. My heart-rate picks up, beating heavier and heavier in my chest. Suddenly, when the footsteps seem to be in reaching distance, I hear nothing. Silence fills the air once more. I listen carefully, but do not hear anything. Maybe it was just my imagination. I think to myself. Then, I suddenly hear another noise. It’s like the tightening of springs, small springs. It squeaks as it moves, slowly and carefully. What is that? I look around, wondering what it is, nothing outside, nothing inside that could be making that sound. Then, I hear the spring get it’s tightest, then a light then, as if something had hit it’s end point. My eyes shoot open as I realize what it is.

The passenger door handle.

My head whips over to my right as I feel something tug at the door, the truck moving with the tug, but the door stays shut. The button on the opening side of the door remains down. Whatever it is cannot get in.

I start hearing strained wheezing, heavy, as if aggravated, disappointed, confused. I can hear the spring of the handle get pulled tightly, the door handle make the thud noise, and the tug on the truck again and again. Whatever is outside wants in. Badly. I keeps pulling harder and harder, the wheezes get stronger, I start hearing shrieks, like an angry bird fighting a predator. The truck tips more and more, the sounds get louder, the handle gets pulled rapidly. Then, it keeps the handle pulled for a second, and releases.

I hear complete silence for a few minutes. I stare at the door, my eyes wide-open, looking for any signs of movement, anything at all to identify what that thing could have been. There is no movement, no sign of life at all. I hold my breathe while watching the door, listening carefully. Finally, I release the breath, and sink back in my seat. I shut my eyes, and ponder what is happening.

The thought strikes me that I better make sure that my door is locked as well. My eyes shoot open, I quickly sit-up, look over at my lock, and see that the golf-tee-like button is pressed down. My heart skips a beat when I notice the shadow looming over the lock, staring right through my window at me, my face not but inches away, only thin glass between us.

The creature resembled a vulture without a beak. Intense, yellow eyes stared back at me. They almost seem to glow in the darkness around us. It’s skin was a pale-grayish blue. It’s mouth looked almost cracked, going back half a foot back from it’s mouth, slightly upward, almost as if it were smiling. It had no nose, it’s head was humanoid shaped, but I had never seen suck features on a human face. It’s torso was covered in feathers, a burst of feathers along it’s shoulders. When I looked up at it, it screeched again, louder than it had last time. It raised it’s arms, which were like bird lets, but muscular like a human’s, three claws on the upper part of it’s hand, one on the lower part, feathers cut off at it’s shoulders.

The creature started to hit the window. It was trying to get me! The window started to crack. I panicked, and stomped on the gas. The truck lurched forward, leaving the bird-like creature behind me. I hadn’t seen any wings, so, maybe it couldn’t follow me.

I tore down the road as fast as I could. The road didn’t curve, or end, it just kept going with the same pitch black surrounding me, my headlights only clearing up so much. What was that thing? WHERE THE FUCK AM I?!

I kept looking for signs of life, anything to show I wasn’t alone, but found nothing. There is nothing here but darkness, and whatever the hell that thing was back there.

As I continue vainly thinking of a plan, and searching for any signs of life, I see something in the corner of my eye. It’s the radio. It has turned on, and is on the radio stations, the numbers rapidly looping, changing between random numbers, not stopping. I hit the power button, but that does nothing. It keeps doing that, and the volume slowly turns up, the knob turning with it. I attempt to hold the knob, but it just keeps turning ever so slowly. I hear a song start to play. The song is “Turn Around And Look At Me” by “The Vogues”. As the volume creeps up, I can make out the voices better. At first, they are muffled in static, but the static dissipates, and I start to hear them clearly. I start to panic.

“Why me!? WHY ME!? Why did this happen to me!? I’m just a regular guy!” I frantically say to myself.

“There is someone…”

The music starts, softly, quietly. The lyrics are eerie, and make my heart start to race even more.

“Walking behind you…”

What? Oh, god! I think, I continue thinking to myself. I glance behind me, paranoid, but see nothing.

“Turn around…. Look at me…” The volume continues going higher, the song also gets more intense itself. I check behind me once more, to be sure.

“There is someone… Watching your footsteps…” The song starts getting loud, and more intense. The headlights on the truck and dashboard lights start to flicker.

“What?! No, no, no, no!” I say to myself, realizing what is happening.

“TURN AROUND… LOOK AT ME…” The song gets louder faster and much more intense.

“Please, no!” I plead.

“THERE IS SOMEONE… WHO REALLY NEEDS YOU…” The lights flicker violently, electricity can be heard fizzing.

“HERE’S MY HEART… IN MY HAND…” The lights cut off, in the upper right corner in my eye, in the rear-view mirror, I see two yellow eyeballs staring back at me.

“AAAH-” I start to yell, but am cut off my talons being wrapped around my mouth.

“TURN AROUND… LOOK AT ME…” The song continues, in darkness, except for the light of the radio, the numbers still rapidly changing. Amongst the muffled screams and struggling, a crimson liquid splatters against the lit, pale-blue numbers.

The song cuts off, and is replaced by static, which drifts off to silence, then, the light cuts off.


She felt alone. The old room gave her two distinctly opposing feelings: comfort and a hollow heart.
The windows were tainted with streaks from rain and a poor paint job, the aged wooden floor covered in remnants of hay, dirt, and wood. Miscellaneous items surrounded her: a neon orange sled to her left, a plastic trash bin to her right, and an old blue chair directly in front of her. A tiny, gaudy Christmas tree draped over old pieces of her home: shutters not up to par, old wooden siding that had been long replaced by a much more durable substance; a broken motorcycle part over here, a child’s play chest over there. Items now declared obsolete. Though the younger items were few, it seemed to her as though her entire childhood could be summed up by a stranger with one glance into the quiet, creaky attic-like space.
Rain hit the roof of the old building and it reminded her of a tiny mouse army with all the little mice running around in their royal blue uniforms, carrying toothpicks and safety pins in preparation to fight against their sworn enemies.
It must be interesting to be a mouse, she thought. Perhaps there is a mouse out there thinking the same, but about her.
She closed her eyes and thought about her life: friends, family, relationships. She thought about religion; she thought about ‘God’. She had been told many times by the people around her that a life without God is not a life at all. She needed to find religion to find happiness. She needed to find religion to save herself from being ‘damned’.
Hell- quite the concept, she thought. Seems so serious when they say it, why does it sound so bland when I say it?
“Hell,” she said out loud. Nothing special.
The mouse war pounded heavily now, the climax of the battle approached as she swayed her head back and forth to the music filling her head. No particular arrangement just notes and hums here and there. It played to the sound of the wind against the windows every so often and she stopped her swaying to wrap her arms around her legs and hug them closely to her chest and chin.
She closed her eyes and her lashes swept against her wrist. But as soon as she closed her eyes, they flew open to the tiniest sound on the miniature door hidden behind a motorcycle seat and handlebar set. She lifted her head cautiously and allowed her eyes to flit around the door frame. It was not a knock, but rather a bump, as though someone accidently let his or her elbow slip against a picture and it bounced lightly on the wall.
She parted her lips to call out but thought better of it; no one could be there, the door led to the crawl space between the wall and its exterior counterpart. As she stared at the door her caution ebbed away and the space filled with gentle curiosity. She cocked her head and out from the keyhole fluttered a butterfly.
Lovely, she thought and smiled. The butterfly swung around the small space and grazed under her forearm. She crinkled her nose in silly fascination as it brushed her shoulder and landed on the doorknob to the miniature door. As she began to turn, she saw out of the corner of her eye a spark from the door; she turned back and watched, astonished and terrified at the same time, as the butterfly’s wings ignited and hissed. The flames crawled up towards its tiny body leaving a trail of warped, white-gray wings. The smell snaked its way to her while she stood frozen in place. She could not bring herself to move to cover her nose, but instead tilted her head towards her feet and felt her face drain of blood at the sight of her shoes. They were bright orange laced with yellow flames.
She let out a scream as the flames quicken their pace up her legs. Pain shot through her like a thousand skewers, burning into her bones. As the flames reached the metal on her belt, the pain she thought could never possibly be worst heightened to a level so intense she would faint. But she could not move, she could not even close her eyes; she stood like a witch tied to a stake on a pit of fire. She shrieked once more but she knew that no one would hear her. Her eyelids finally closed, lashes singed away. As the pain became so intense she could no longer feel it, though she could not feel calm, the memories of all the terrible things she had caused in her life time played in her mind. Even the things she had not done but had imagined doing caused her to feel a deep, searing guilt. When she lifted her eyes open once more she turned her cheek into her pillow.
She let out a breath but threw her legs over the side of her bed and retched onto the floor. An icy finger traced its way down her spine lighting up all her nerves, and she found the chills ironic.
Only a dream, she thought to herself. But for some reason, this notion could not bring her comfort- she smelled something which made a lump appear in her throat. She clung to her bed sheets and felt something small brushing up against her fingertips. Glancing down, she could not help but let out a small cry. Scattered over the sheets were ashes and parts of singed eyelashes.
She sat on the edge of her bed, bile seeping into the cracks of the floor, chills running down her spine, sheets covered with small pieces of hair and ash; here, she felt very much alone.


If you haven’t read my previous posts, please read stories one, two and three.

Hey guys, after many PMs asking for an update, I decided to bring you up to speed on whats going on. But first, here is the screenshot of the desktop picture that Rose/her cult put on my laptop. I haven’t been able to find the original photo or any kind of a hidden file. Woman on the left is my mother holding me, and woman on the right is her friend holding my childhood friend. We do not know who the child on the left or woman way in the back are. None of them remember this picture ever being taken.

So after I told my mom what was going on, she talked to y grandma. Grandma didn’t tell her much but my mom had a feeling that she got upset after hearing what was happening. I decided to call my grandma and after much begging, I got this story out of her.

My grandma was born in Croatia but grew up in Bosnia. She was the kind of a child who’d spend every waking our outside playing, exploring, etc. Her favorite play spot was down by the river not too far from where she lived. She’d often go there with her friends, but on this particular day, none of her friends came along. She went there anyways. She was doing her traditional build-a-fortress-in-the-sand thing, when she heard someone calling. She looked to the road nearby (the only place where anyone could come from, there was only one path to the beach) but nobody was there. She shrugged it off and kept playing. She heard the call again. “Dana.” She looked around. Nothing. “DANA!” She jumped, terrified, and ran to the road to see what in the fuck was going on, but nobody was there. She thought one of her friends was fucking with her and decided to turn around and go back to the fortress. Then she saw him. It was a man, of above average height, maybe 6’4”, dressed in the suit and one of those hats that gentlemen wore in thirties. He had a dark, dark black suit on with white dress shirt underneath and a black tie. Holding a cane. Thing is, he was standing in the water knee deep. In a suit that probably cost arm and a leg at that time. She was taken aback, but as any curious kid, she decided to check what was going on. She walked up to the border where waves were ending. He was still standing in the water. “Yes, mister?” she asked politely.

“I got something for you.”

“Yea? What’s that?”

Well, as predictable as the story may be getting, it is unfortunately fucking true. It was an orange. My grandma grew up in wealthy-ish family and even in the tough economic times, she had an abundance of fruit, so the orange wasn’t causing a “wow” factor in her.

“Uh… Thanks mister, but I just had lunch. You can give it to someone else.”

“No, no Dana, this one is specially for you.” He tilted his head to the side and for a second she thought his hat would fall into the river. It didn’t. He still held an orange in his other hand, offering it.

“But I don’t want it.”

“You take it, and you take it now.” My grandma’s been through a lot of shit. World war II and Bosnian war. She’s seen shit man. But she said she’s never seen something as scary as that man’s face that day. She was a child and therefore very impressionable with vivid imagination, but she swears that when he said that, his eyes (the white part not the pupils) got much darker and she could see the anger on his face, although he had somewhat of a grin on.

She started running away. She stopped and turned around to look if he was chasing her. He was just standing there, looking after her. She said she could see the darkness going away from his eyes. He put the orange back into his pocket, turned to the side, and started walking away. Through the fucking river. Like step by step, with his cane, just walking like he was on the street.

My grandma was scared for a while, but after few years, he was just a memory that was rarely recalled.

My grandma gave birth to my mom in ’52. It was a happy day because my mom was her first child. Birth went fairly easily, but she was kept in the hospital for few days. Last night before she was released, the man in the black suit came back. Almost 20 years later. She was sleeping (she had a room to herself). She woke up because light came on in her room. In scary movies, you hear the noise but there is nobody there, then suddenly they jump you from behind. Yea, that didn’t happen. She opened her eyes, and he was just standing there in the middle of the room. The same man, same suit, same hat. Not a day older than how he looked 20 years ago.

Orange in his hand.

“You did good.”

“What…what do you want from me?”

“You brought her.”

“Who? What do you want?”

“You only now have to take this, and it will all be over.” He was showing an orange, smiling. It wasn’t a crazy grin, just an almost friendly smile.

“I don’t want anything from you. Leave or I’ll scream.”

Well, that’s when he pulled the Rose shit. He tilted his head to the side, put the scariest grin on his face revealing the whitest teeth you’ll ever see. He started speaking in the voice of a 10-12 year old child.

“But Dana, you don’t know.”

“GET OUT!”

“He will take it.” As he said that with his child voice, he lost the grin, put his head back in normal position, turned around and walked away. Before he got out of the room, he turned the light off. She never told anyone about this man until I pulled it out of her.

It’s been little more than 30 years since then until she saw him one last time. It was war in Bosnia. Country demolished by politician assholes who just wanted money. You know how wars work. Anyways, times were tough. Food supply was extremely limited. My grandma and grandpa would go days without eating. They’d hunt pigeons on the balcony and shit. That bad. But then, an orange started appearing on their doorstep every day. One orange, in the center of the welcome rug. She remembers how bright it was compared to the grayness surrounding them. She’d throw every single one of those fuckers out. My grandpa was confused as to why she’d throw away perfectly good food in times like these, but she wouldn’t tell him. Until they showed up. Yes, they. The man in black and…well, Rose. It was ’93. They were bombing the shit out of their town that day and nobody would even so much as stick their head through the window, let alone walk out. But my grandparents heard knocking. They thought someone had finally come to take care of them. Knowing that intruder would enter anyways if they really wanted to, they opened. On their left, the same man was standing. Same black suit, same hat, same cane. Same age. More than 50 years later. Next to him was a woman in red shoes, white dress, long black hair, extremely pale skin color, and a lipstick so bright it would make you nostalgic for the grayness of wartime. She had her head tilted too, smiling ear to ear.

“Hello Dana.” She spoke in a voice my grandma says could only belong to a very, very young girl.

“What the fuck is this?” My grandpa asked. Immediately, both of these people’s (I still call them people) faces lost grins and looked at my grandpa.

“You may want to be silent.” Rose spoke in her original, adult voice (or what my grandma assumes would be her natural voice.)

My grandpa had been shot at, tortured, starved, but he never felt the fear like that. He lost his voice and shut the hell up.

Their grins returned, head tilted, teeth popped out shiny as ever.

“Where is he?” Rose asked her in her childish version of a voice.

“Who? What do you want from us? We have nothing!”

“Don’t do this. Just tell us where.” Seemed like Rose was losing patience.

“But who?”

“Your grandson.” Her eyes pierced my grandma’s soul. She felt blood freeze in her veins.

“He…he is not here. He is in Montenegro.” She though that whoever these people are, they’d give up once they found that her grandson (presumably me) has moved away hundreds of miles away.

They produced even wider smiles, if that was actually possible. They turned around almost synchronized, and walked away. My grandparent watched them leave over the balcony. Bullets were flying around, bombs falling everywhere, and they were just walking down the street with no fucks given. Heads still tilted. They could see them smiling.

So, I’ll be the first to call it. Bullshit. Bullshit bullshit bullshit. This is becoming a fairy tale. This ain’t happening man. Yea. I’m with you. Had I read it here or anywhere else, I’d enjoy the story then tell OP to go fuck himself for trying to convince me this shit is real.

But, this shit is real.

I have no logical explanation for it. Are they a cult? Maybe. Why don’t they age? Why are they everywhere? Why are they following everyone I know? Fuck me if I know.

NOTE: This is the fourth in a series of several popular Reddit posts documenting some seriously creepy experiences. We are publishing them here with express permission of Milos Bogetic aka inaaace, the original poster. The story is in multiple parts, and will be published completely over the next few days – much like what I did with the ‘Bedtime’ series earlier this year. After the stories have all gone up, I’ll edit each post with links to the other parts.

The OP has finished the book that he promised during his successful kickstarter project.

You can find the paperback and Kindle e-book versions here: The Story of Her Holding an Orange by Milos Bogetic  – full disclosure: our referral link is included.

I know that this will not be new material for all of you, but for those of you who – like myself – don’t use Reddit, I wanted to post it so that you guys could enjoy it as much as I did after having it brought to my attention. Thanks again to Milos for letting me post it, and enjoy!


Have you ever had an experience that suggested someone else was in your house, and just thought “I don’t wanna know” and left it? Sometimes, fear of the unknown just seems like the preferable option than facing a real, concrete danger. Normally it’s nothing, though. One time, the beeper function of my wireless housephone went off, when I was the only one home. It could only be called from the living room. Another time, I swear someone took some change from my desk. They’re all probably just slightly disconcerting tricks of the memory.

But what would you do when something truly suggestive happens? Would you run, or just ignore it, like I did?

Last Monday was a normal day. I got up, brushed my teeth, changed into school clothes… All little parts of my morning ritual. It seemed like it would be another totally un-noteworthy day, until I saw the strings.

There were three or four thick twine strings in my room. They criss-crossed between the walls around my bed, one attached to the door. No way would I have missed them before; I should have tripped over them. They were tied to pins in the walls, which had also not existed before ten seconds ago.

Nobody could have been in my room while I was in it, let alone set this up. It was early, and my brain wasn’t processing correctly. I simply discredited the sight, untied the strings and left for school, leaving them balled up on my desk.

It didn’t get any better later. Outside my house there were hundreds of them, tied between houses, around cars, across streets… This had to be some super elaborate prank. One of those hidden camera shows, or a comedy improv blog. They had gotten everyone else to play along too; passer-bys were tangled in them, tying them to objects they were walking towards and away from, as if they had been and were continuing to follow the course laid out for them.

I nervously continued my journey to school. On the bus, every except me was tied to the door. At school, groups of friends were tied to each other; teachers were tied to their desks and boards. Oddly enough, at this point all I could wonder was why I had been left out.

When my friend Lucy sat beside me in first period, she simply plonked her bag down on my lap and rested her chin in her hand, looking right past me to the window outside.

“Hey Lucy.”

No response.

“Come on, I didn’t expect you to be in on this too. “

She sighed and started taking books from her bag. All the books were tied to her hands. I grinned, and yanked one of the strings off a book. She didn’t seem to notice, instead simply disregarding the book completely, letting it drop to the floor without a moment’s hesitation.

“Um.” I leaned down, picking up her book and placing it back on her desk. She took no notice.

“Well, if that’s how we’re gonna play it.” I smiled, trying to look playful, but really just trying to hide my nervousness. I bundled all the strings attached to her together with one hand, then pulled them all free.
She blinked, turning to stare at me.

“Holy crap, Martin. You’re like a ninja or something.”

“I’ve been sitting here for maybe ten minutes.” I smiled again, relieved my friend had finally “noticed” me.

“Where did all these strings come from??” She gasped, seemingly noticing for the first time.
“I assumed you were all fucking with me…”

She stood up, backing into a corner. No one else in the class noticed.

“They weren’t here just a minute ago! Do you see them too??” Her tone made it clear she was genuinely scared.

“No. Didn’t you-. “ I was interrupted by my teacher slamming the door behind her. Everyone except me and Lucy murmured a good morning, and still, no one seemed to pay either of us any notice.
“People have been ignoring me all day.” I said to Lucy, before turning to our teacher. “Hey! Dumb bitch! You can’t teach for shit!”

No reaction.

“I’m getting away from all this shit.” Lucy pulled a few strings aside and left the class. I followed, and surprise-surprise, no one else noticed.

We wandered the corridors, leaving and entering classes as we saw fit. Whenever we untied a chair or book from someone else, it was like it suddenly didn’t matter to them. It didn’t exist

I showed her the street outside; there were more strings than when I came in this morning. Twice as many. We carefully picked our way through the tangle, making our way to a nearby coffee shop. Not particularly grand, I know. But what would you do in our situation? As I said, fear of the unknown sometimes seems like the safer option. On a few occasions, I suggested we untie a few more people. Lucy was opposed to it, remembering how terrified she’d been.

In the coffee shop, we grabbed a couple of sandwiches and drinks from the fridge. We found a table, untied all strings attached to the chairs, and sat down. We both ate in silence, both of us too scared, both of us distracting ourselves by watching the strangers in the shop, oblivious to the strings.
After twenty minutes, Lucy spoke up. “Now she’s gonna take that sandwich.” She said, pointing at a woman across the shop. Sure enough, she walked to the fridge and took the plastic wrapped sandwich she was tied to. “She pays for it and leaves.” She did so, according to the prophecies of the strings. “That guy doesn’t intend to pay.” I watched as a man took his coffee and ran out of the store, the two servers just looking too exasperated to go after him.

“This is horrible.” She whimpered. “Let’s go. Please.”

Outside wasn’t much better. Everyone just followed the strings’ instructions, going about their daily lives. Lucy announced she was going home to sleep this off, and I agreed to walk her home. She only lived ten minutes away.

Away from the busier part of town there were fewer strings. It was nicer; we could pretend it wasn’t happening.

When we turned onto Lucy’s street, she stopped, her mouth falling open.

“What now?” I broke the silence, my voice sounding surprisingly small.

”Look.” She pointed outside one of her neighbours houses.

I saw it clearly, and I’ll take my memory of that moment ‘til the day I die. A little dark imp, maybe three feet tall, walking along with its knuckles on the ground, almost like a monkey. It had two bulbous yellow eyes taking up about half its face, and no mouth or any other facial features. It was holding a hammer and a ball of twine, which it was letting out behind it.

It walked quickly and quietly from the front door of the house to the mailbox. It stopped, hammered a nail into the side of the box, and tied it’s string around it. It turned to face us, and stopped when it spotted us.

My bottom fell out even further than it had already been, but it just stared with a look of surprise and curiosity. You could almost say it was the more frightened one. Suddenly, it beckoned to us with its tiny hand.

I looked at Lucy, she hadn’t moved. I looked back at the imp, which stared at me.
I halved the distance between us, and then halved it again. This wasn’t fear of the unknown anymore; it was fear of this little guy. Didn’t seem like anything to be scared of. When I was a meter away from it, it extended its hand.

“Uh. Hi.” I shook it. It nodded in approval, blinking its massive yellow eyes up at me.

“So you’re the ones in charge of the strings?” It nodded eagerly. I called Lucy over, but she stayed where she was.

“There are more of you?” Another nod. I wanted to ask it so many questions, about what it was and where it came from, but it seemed for now I was stuck with only yes or no questions.

“Do we even have free will?”

It just looked at me, almost sadly. I immediately felt sick to my stomach, and couldn’t bear looking at the little monster anymore. I grabbed Lucy, who had been listening to our exchange, and now sat on the curb with her head in her hands.

“Come on.”

We entered her house, and I made her a cup of tea. When I found her in the living room, she had untied her dog and was curled up with it, crying. I set the tea down and sat beside her.

“I’m so scared.” She whispered after a good ten minutes of sobbing. I didn’t answer. I couldn’t.

“I’m going to sleep” She mumbled suddenly, and was under within the minute. Sleep was starting to sound pretty good all of a sudden, my eyelids suddenly felt like they were being weighed down.

I collapsed to the rug, and the last thing I heard before I fell asleep was the scurrying of several sets of little feet nearby.

I felt much better the next day, as if the whole affair had been a dream. I’d probably have believed that if I hadn’t been awoken by Lucy’s mother that morning, wondering what I was doing sleeping over without permission or something.

Over breakfast, Lucy asked me why I looked so pale and nervous. I turned to her and smiled, mumbling something to her about feeling sick.

But the truth was, I was scared because I couldn’t see any strings, and was wondering whether my actions were truly my own.


Loved this show. Horace Horrible was my favorite. I remember looking everywhere for his action figure but Kiddie City and KB had never even heard of the line. I finally found a talking Horace, good as new, at somebody’s yard sale, though I didn’t see a house around and never saw those people again. I was pretty excited, and ran right to my friend’s house to gloat.

When his mom answered the door, she let out the most guttural scream I’d ever heard, absolutely scaring the shit out of me. She told me to get lost with “that thing” and slammed the door in my face. My kid-logic concluded that she must have known I bought a toy from a stranger completely unsupervised, and that it must have been an even more serious crime than I thought.

So, I did my best to keep Horace hidden, especially from my own parents, but his voice chip was pretty damn loud, and every so often he’d go off by himself, like his battery was dying. My mom kept asking if Marble (our cat) was in my room…I don’t know how you mistake that goofy chuckling for a cat.

It was subtle at first, but after a few days he started to smell weird. His voice kept getting weaker and more garbled, and his joints kept getting looser like they were ready to drop off. I was afraid of getting caught and we didn’t have trash pickup, so I did what a rational child does when he thinks he has contraband and buried it in the woods.

I never found another one or figured out what was wrong with him, but it’s the weirdest thing; a tree grew where I left him, I shit you not, in just a couple weeks. It never grew leaves and it never got much taller than me, but it’s there to this day, and every summer it swarms with disturbing numbers of flies.

—
Written by that one guy who runs bogleech.com, as a follow-up to the original Candle Cove story, which you should probably read if you haven’t already – it will make this story make much more sense. Also, CC originally hails from Ichor Falls, so make sure to pay them a visit… and be sure to check out their new book: Ichor Falls: A Visitor’s Guide: Short stories from a quiet community (Volume 1). Sorry if this reads like an ad, I’m just excited for them and I know that lots of you guys are fans of Candle Cove so I wanted to share!


In January 2006 in New York, the patient of a well-known psychiatrist draws the face of a man that has been repeatedly appearing in her dreams. In more than one occasion that man has given her advice on her private life. The woman swears she has never met the man in her life.

That portrait lies forgotten on the psychiatrist’s desk for a few days until one day another patient recognizes that face and says that the man has often visited him in his dreams. He also claims he has never seen that man in his waking life.

The psychiatrist decides to send the portrait to some of his colleagues that have patients with recurrent dreams. Within a few months, four patients recognize the man as a frequent presence in their own dreams. All the patients refer to him as THIS MAN.

From January 2006 until today, at least 2000 people have claimed they have seen this man in their dreams, in many cities all over the world: Los Angeles, Berlin, Sao Paulo, Tehran, Beijing, Rome, Barcelona, Stockholm, Paris, New Delhi, Moskow etc.

At the moment there is no ascertained relation or common trait among the people that have dreamed of seeing this man. Moreover, no living man has ever been recognized as resembling the man of the portrait by the people who have seen this man in their dreams.

Please visit thisman.org for the full story.

DERPNOTE: This isn’t a creepypasta proper, obviously. I stumbled onto this website tonight and found it very intriguing and, of course, creepy. Particularly because I’m totally falling for the feeling that I’ve seen him before, too! Anyhow, I thought you guys might enjoy reading about & discussing this enough to make it worth posting.


Hello, my name is Mitch. I’m here to tell you guys about an experience I had. I don’t know if it was paranormal or whatever stupid words people use to describe supernatural phenomena, but after that thing visited me, I believe in that paranormal trash, now.

A week after I moved in with my brother, Edwin, after my house was foreclosed, I finished unpacking. Edwin liked the idea of me moving in, since we had not seen each other after 10 years, so I was excited, too. I soon fell asleep after I moved in. After that 1 week, I heard rustling noises coming from outside at about one in the morning. I thought it was a raccoon, so I ignored and tried to fall asleep. The next morning, I told Edwin about it, and he agreed.

The next night, however, I thought I heard my window opening and a loud thump, as if something entered my room. I darted up and looked around my room, but I saw nothing. The next morning, Edwin dropped his coffee cup when he saw me. He held up a nearby mirror and I saw myself. I had a large gash in my left cheek.

After I was rushed to the hospital, my doctor told me that I must have been sleepwalking, but then he showed me something that made my blood turn cold. He lifted up my shirt to reveal a sewn up incision where my kidneys were. I started in his eyes, my eyes widening. “You somehow lost your left kidney last night. We don’t know how, though. Sorry, Mitch.” my doctor told me.

The next night was my breaking point. Around midnight, I woke up to see a truly horrifying sight. I was staring face to face with a creature with a black hoodie and dark blue mask with no nose or mouth staring down at me. The thing that scared me the most was that it had no eyes. Just empty, black sockets. The creature also had some black substance dripping from it’s sockets. I grabbed the camera nearby on a mantel and took a picture. After the picture took, the creature lunged at me and tried to claw open my chest to get to my lungs. I stopped it by kicking it in the face. As I ran out of my room, I grabbed my wallet. I would need the money. I ran out of my brother’s house into the night. I eventually ended up in the woods near Edwin’s house and tripped on a rock.

I fell unconscious and woke up in the hospital. My doctor entered the room. The same one who treated me before. “I have good news and bad news, Mitch.” my doctor started. “The good news is that you had minor injuries, and your parents are going to pick you up.” I sighed with relief. “The bad news is that your brother has been killed by some… thing. Sorry.”

My parents took me back to Edwin’s house to collect my remaining belongings, which I did. Upon entering my room, I was scared, but remained calm. I grabbed my camera then stopped dead in my tracks. In the hallway leading to my room, I saw Edwin’s body and something small lying next to it. I picked up the small thing and entered my parent’s car, not mentioning Edwin’s corpse. I looked at the thing I had picked up and nearly vomited. I was holding my stolen half-eaten kidney, with some black substance on it.


“Therefore the force, secrecy and power, in what manner the sacred names of
spirits are truly and rightly found out, consisteth in the disposing of the vowels,
which do make the name of a spirit, and wherewith is constituted the true
name and right word.” -HENRY CORNELIUS AGRIPPA

The Divide

(The following is an excerpt from the archaeological journals of Sir Charles Leonard Woolley during his excavation of a Sumerian site in what is now the Tell el-Muqayyar province of Iraq.)

June 8, 1932
This has been a momentous day for our endeavors here. First, I should like to apologize for the brevity of this entry. I simply cannot write this account whilst my findings remain in the tent beside; such is the extent of my excitement. Had I known the importance of our findings in lot Cl-23, and therefore knew of the immeasurable bounty of knowledge beyond that stone doorway, there would have been no delay in opening the archaic vault. Such things are not worth dwelling upon however, for as it stands the door is open; a mere 2 weeks’ time since its finding.
As I left things in the previous entry, my relationship with the other excavators had been reaching a sour head. My “friends” were quite adamant in their persuasion to open the vault immediately, without the oversight of the Persians. This I felt was a great fault of foresight and character, for the destruction of this piece would only serve to rob the Persians of their forgotten history. Being our party’s leader I decided to wait for word from the locals. They had delayed far too long however, for not a man on my team desired to linger any longer. Wherefore they all conspired, save Asad our linguist and local expert, to blast the door in the still of night.
I awoke immediately following the explosion and, seeing the results of their endeavours, lashed out with an unquenchable fury. By the time this rage had subsided Asad was packed and ready to leave. He said that we had bestowed a great curse upon ourselves, and that he had no wish of being a party to common thieves and tomb robbers. I deeply regret the means with which the vault was opened and if I could have lived the whole affair over again, I would have fired Roger Upton, the security officer who supplied the dynamite. As things were however, the vault was open and there was little else to do then explore it.
We were then surprised by the shear vastness of this vault. The antechamber itself was 6 meters in breadth, with two other chambers yet unexplored. This complex was markedly well preserved despite its apparent age. The marks on the walls reflected the earliest of known Sumerian alphabets. The carvings associated with the text were magnificently crafted and illuminated as well. The wall’s imagery included a great, cloud piercing pyramid at the back of the chamber, a king raising his own crown heavenward on the left-hand wall, and that same king in conversation with a messenger on the opposing wall. The greatest find of the day, however, was a carved stone tablet erected between a statue of the earlier mentioned messenger and the statue of a powerful, goddess like being. This tablet, situated in the center of the chamber itself, was decorated with a singular Sumerian phrase. Once I have   catalogued this piece, I plan to ship it to the British Museum promptly.

(The following is an excerpt from the research logs of Dr. Elise Furrow and the British museum)
Date: May 2, 1939
Item #: MESO-5434
Subject: Sumerian Tablet and vault photographs
The tablet appears to be carved from a mud or clay brick, consistent with the assumed composition of the “Vault” structure itself. Any attempts to translate the phrase therein have proved fruitless due to the presence of several unrecognizable symbols. Neither these symbols, nor any similar likenesses have been found in previous Mesopotamian excavations. The walls however show many familiar qualities. John Riley, my colleague in this task, has pointed out several features in the photographs that are reminiscent of the Neo-Sumerian story of the Tower of Babel. If this find and the legend are tied, it is possible that the King is a depiction of the King of Aratta, the messenger a depiction of Enmerkar, the goddess a depiction of Inanna, and the pyramid or ziggurat a depiction of the ‘Temple of Ana’. According to the legend, the King of Aratta angers the goddess Inanna by presuming himself king in her name. She then sends Enmerkar to contend with the pretender and teaches him the “Incantation of Nudimmud”, a hymn that would implore the god Enki to restore and unite the many languages of the surrounding area. In the end, Enmerkar creates the first written language on stone tablets. If the link between the site and the legend are to be believed, then the tablet itself could be the Incantation of Nudimmud and thereby the first example of Sumerian written word! Furthermore my colleague has found evidence pointing to a phonetic pronunciation of the phrase! He claims, and I have checked, that the statues and carvings of the figures depict, in detail, the proper articulation needed to recite these ancient vowel sounds. The first clue is the number of figures. There are five human depictions at the site, which corresponds to the five symbols on the tablet. Secondly, the amount of detail present in the figures’ oratory positioning is astounding. Each shows an apparent difference in height, roundedness, and relative back or front positioning. In fact, the only issue is in discerning their order! We are excited to put this hypothesis to the test and become the first people to speak Sumerian for thousands of years.

(The following is an excerpt from an autopsy and investigation report by the Metropolitan Police Service and officer Henry Tallard)

The subject is one Doctor Elise Claire Furrow, advising researcher for the British Museum. Her body was discovered within her offices on May 23rd, 1939 alongside her assistant John Kenneth Riley. Riley has since been sent to an institution due to the abhorrent behavior which he displayed towards the officers upon their appearance on the scene. Riley is not currently a suspect do to the nature of Furrow’s injuries, and the state of mind which must have been present in both subjects. Furrow’s body was found in the far corner of the cluttered space, just opposite the corner where Riley was found cowering. The body was laid out face down on its ventral side with its arms and hands pressed close to the chest. Were it not for the particular amount of blood, this may have suggested a heart attack or a constriction of the air ways. The arms and legs were still rigid due to Rigimortis, suggesting her death to be somewhere between 8 to 36 hours. Flipping the body revealed an extensive amount of skin laceration and self-mutilation. Furrow’s eyes and neck suffered the bulk of the damage. Furrow had somehow managed to gouge her eyes free from the oculus, presumably with her thumbs. Furrow then brought her crossed hands down to the neck, leaving a trail of blood and vitreous matter from the eye socket to base of the jaw line. Here Furrow lashed at her own neck, pushed her fingers into the skin, ripped downward with some extensive force, flayed the skin into three ribbons on either side, and managed to tear the Carotid Artery. Furrow’s cause of death appears to be stroke rather than blood loss, and this assertion is backed by the brain autopsy which revealed extensive brain damage as well as unusual damage to the Corpus Callosum. Upon questioning, Riley revealed no information as to the cause of Furrow’s break down. Riley himself had been displaying severe cases of post-traumatic stress. His few clear responses included reports of an inescapable, shadowy figure who had been stalking Furrow’s over the course of two weeks. Other than this Riley primarily repeated one, garbled, alien phrase over and over again. As aforementioned, Riley is not a suspect; although he has been institutionalized for his own protection.

(The following are entries from the personal journal officer Henry Tallard)

May 23rd, 1939
Today I have chosen to resign my position as an officer of Scotland Yard. This decision stems directly from my dreadful duty today, and had the affair not occurred I may have stayed to serve a few more years on the force. Of all the horrendous scenes and wicked crimes I have witnessed, I can absolutely say that none will haunt me quite as surely as the suicide of Elise Furrows. How her neck had been rend, the look of those two bloodied pits, and that frozen expression of torment; these things shall wrack my mind for many, if not all, of my years to come. But worse of all was the boy, whom no doubt witnessed the whole of the affair. Perhaps he was once a simple boy who had been charismatic, well loved, and happy. Now he was a muttering shell of whatever he had been. He was cold, small, and consumed by a tremulous weight of terror, the likes of which I have rarely if ever seen. Then there was his phrase; that simple yet unnerving pattern of sounds which he had repeated over and over again with terrible effect. It was these words which had awaken something in me, something as weak and frightened as Riley himself. It feels as though, at any point, something may whisk its way through the darkest shadows and devour me whole.  Tomorrow this may all seem like silly paranoia, but the fact remains; I shall no longer be serving on the force.

May 27th, 1939
I heard something today; it was a strange scratching noise. Well I suppose scratching is not the right word, I suppose it would be a tearing. Yes a tearing coming from the other side of my wall. It started out soft and low but has gradually begun building in volume and frequency. When I spoke with my barber about the ordeal he asserted that it had been rats, but rats do not tear. Even through its volume and frequency however, the noise is not half as terrible as the thoughts they inspire. They cause me to think of the Furrow women and the gashes upon her neck. I shall try to get some sleep and push these thoughts from my mind. Tomorrow I shall hire an exterminator.

May 31st, 1939
I understand now why the traps have not been sprung. We were wrong to think the now deafening noises had stemmed from rats. They were not rats and there never were any rats. This had all been confirmed today, when the man I had hired to rid my house of vermin confided in me that he heard no noise. He didn’t hear a thing, yet I was deafened by the noise. This can only mean one thing, that my mind has been fabricating the whole ordeal, but even this knowledge isn’t enough to cure my ailment. Still I hear the noise and still it works my nerves. It was the Furrows case, I’m sure of it. The boy or the body; something had caused this drastic change in my thinking. I believe I must undergo psychiatric evaluation.

June 3rd, 1939
The medication has stopped working and the noises have returned in full force. On top of that there is the crushing darkness. I cannot leave my home without being enveloped in it. I cannot go to the grocer, I cannot go to a picture film, I cannot dine with my friends or my prior colleagues, and I certainly cannot visit my psychiatrist for reevaluation. Such actions would send me into a tumult of black, thus leaving me blinded. There is also the issue of the pursuer. Last time I left my house I became lost and twisted amongst the dark city streets. Once I had traveled too far into the darkness I had felt a presence leering over me. All though I couldn’t see it, I could picture how it must have looked. It was a queer sensation, a sixth sense of sorts. As to the being; it was dreadful. It was darker than any shadow and hunched in such a way that it practically walked on four legs, like some kind of primitive, albeit giant, ape. He had no skin, merely dark mutterings and black words which writhed and filled his spectral being. Furthermore the thing was fast and strong, and murmured in harsh, eccentric whispers whilst it chased me. My only saving grace was the beasts own piercing orange eyes, which bestirred the darkness for a distance, so long as I stayed in front of them. Finally, due to some power of the holy Lord our Father, I managed to find my front door again, fling myself inside, slam it shut, and crumple down to the floor exhausted. It would seem that this is my only sanctuary from the darkness and the pursuer, although the deafening tearing still persists.

June 5th, 1939
It has broken inside! I did not hear it come! I left my room and the darkness had already reached the hall. That damnable noise! The tearing was so load that I must have missed the crash as the creature blast through my front door. The minute I saw the darkness lingering there, I knew the beast was not far. Its powers have grown however. Now, where ever shadows lay, thousands of hands wriggle and squirm trying to catch a hold of me. I got too close to one. It grabbed my neck and I had to pry myself free, scratching myself in the process. I am not sure how much longer I can stand this; the noise, the visions, the crushing anxiety. I do know one thing though; once my bedroom door is broken the thing will have me. Soon the thing will have me. It will have me soon. It will have me!

Note: I have studied these proceedings and compiled them for one purpose; to document a disorder of the psyche more perverse than any I have ever seen. Not only is this disorder rare, here described are the first recorded cases of the phenomenon. This lethal, contagious, mental illness has taken many lives in its brief lifespan. These victims include Dr. Furrow, then Mr. Riley, and Officer Tallard. There were others too; Riley’s physician, the poor women who discovered Riley and Furrow, Riley’s mates at the institution, three officers who questioned Riley, five pedestrians Tallard passed while muttering on the street, and the officer who found and had to kill a hysteric Tallard within his home. All victims had identical symptoms; visions, noises, and a peculiar phrase are all consistent between the victims. The other similarity is the unusual damage to the corpus callosum after death. This suggests that some stimulus, probably the spoken phrase, breaks down this membrane, causing it to misfire and send information to the wrong hemisphere of the brain. Wherefore the phrase, rather than being heard, is seen in the mind’s eye. This then results in a continued misfire, and the eventual breakdown of spoken language. I have made attempts to save some of the patients by severing the corpus callosum, so that the process of sharing information between hemispheres ceases. This experiment has been met with varying success. It is interesting to think that mind can be reprocessed and reconfigured, by just hearing a simple phrase.
– Roger Wolcott Sperry, 1941


Bayou La Batre, Alabama, 1995.

Friday, between pitch dark and first light, the Gulf Breeze, a shrimp trawler out of Corpus Christi, Texas, entered the Bayou Shell Banks. A dead fog full of moonbeams rested over the marsh. Swamp-stench curdled the air, a real nose burner.

As she passed through the canal, her wake from port side slapped gently against the outer bank. Like waltzing shades the fog wobbled to life. Apparitions materialized and danced in the moon-spangled haze. Isaiah Shanks braced himself.

Isaiah saw a monster with hungry eyes, clenched teeth, and spider fingers working feverishly within his palms. A black trench coat, splotched with filth and stench of sulfur draped his hunch-back form. Under a brown fedora, still wet from the storm, drops of moisture raced around brim’s edge. Underneath was hid a flat-cratered faced, cursed with a squashed nose and owl-like eye. Behind the royal-blue drapes he stood, still as death.

The young mother was wrapped in a white cotton towel tucked between the valley of her breasts and reached to her knees. Seated at the vanity, head tilted, she shook the wet strands and felt them fall to the small of her back. Reaching over her shoulders, Mary Ann’s delicate fingers combed through her velvet tresses, then paused to massage the soft nap of her neck. She reached for the ivory hairbrush resting on the right corner of her vanity.

There was a sound, one that shouldn’t be in the room. The intruder stepped from the curtain. Footsteps, heavy footsteps. The wood floor creaked and popped as the repulsive monster advanced toward its prey.

Incarnate evil was in her mirror. Petrified, Mary Ann jumped to her feet like a tripped coil spring. A small bottle of perfume crashed to the floor and broke into bits and pieces of colored glass. Sweet Carolina Jasmine filled the room.

No place to hide.

Nowhere to run.

Retreating to the nearest corner of the room, Mary Ann screamed, “WHAT DO YOU WANT? WHAT DO YOU──”

No word to announce intentions, he pulled free the towel. Then with a back swing, his right hand struck Mary Ann a pile-driving blow. Unconscious, he threw her to the bed like a rag doll.
No escape. He would consume her soul. Yes, to consume, that is what evil does best; to steal Peace, to kill hope, and to destroy a living soul. He wrapped his putrid green hands around her fragile neck and──

The vapor boiled.

The images vanished.

Isaiah Shanks slid down the outer bulkhead. He’d seen these visions so many times.

He lay crumbled on the deck.

Sweat cascaded over his distorted face.

His eyes welded shut.

Isaiah didn’t want to remember──it was too painful──he twisted his head to one side, then the other. Spasmodic jerks. He fought the urge to look and remember the “mean man” of his boyish past, but the compulsion was too strong.

Eyes wide open, Isaiah stared again into the fog. The mist continued to stage a part of his life he could never forget. The apparitions reappeared.

The intruder saddled the unconscious woman. He gritted his teeth. Calloused hands transformed themselves into a snake-like vice as they constricted around Mary Ann Shank’s slender neck. Like so much Play Dough, he felt innocent life squeezed between his fingers. He gasped in demented moaning as he mumbled, “The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away.”

For a moment, his grim work was interrupted by the sound of rusted hinges. His head spun to one side as he strained bulging eyes. A little boy stood in the shadows who sought the warmth of his mother’s embrace. An innocent child of five, Isaiah could not understand the evil that towered before him.

The beast turned to inspect the boy.

The child was of no consequence.

He returned to his labor. Tighter… Tighter…Tighter…Tighter.

Mary Ann’s frail form shook with a last spasm as precious breath disappeared like water swirling around an open drain.

There was a gurgled groan.

It was done.

She was finished.

Stretched across her bed, Mary Ann Shanks lay still as any midnight grave. Little Isaiah watched as the fiend of the night stepped through the blue curtain that covered the window.
“Mean man. Mean man,” the little boy chided.

The murderer paused. He stared hard at the child as if he was trying to remember a time of innocence in his own tortured life, a time when he danced with joy upon the holy mountain of God. The thought of it, like the fire of molten lava, erupted within his dark and formless soul. He screamed with searing pain beyond human comprehension as the black trench coat transformed into dark shining scales. His face protruded as he made a hissing sound unintelligible to the human ear, “As I have no peace with God, neither shall you. You worm of flesh, I curse you. The day will come when I reign in chaos and I will destroy you and all your putrid kind. Live in misery. Live hopeless. Live in war. Live Godless and let there be no Peace with God.”

A thunderous explosion.

A flash of lightening outside the window.

An unworldly, white-brilliance, flooded the room illuminating the body of Mary Ann Shanks.

Holding his brown teddy bear under his left arm, the confused child walked to the left side of his mother’s bed. Little Isaiah pulled on the arm that hung over the mattress edge. Mary Ann’s head rotated, her eyes glazed and red-stained.

The child recoiled, screamed, then fell backward against the wall sliding to the floor. His small form was crumbled with arms cradled around his knees. And there he sat, eyes shut, until neighbors entered the house.


You’d be surprised at how certain things trigger these subconscious responses from deep inside you. Involuntary cues that bubble to the surface whenever that certain thing strikes that precise note. For me it was the creak of that damn door. It’d drive me insane, and no matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, it would never be silent… And just like that, it became a part of my life. Ingrained in my mind, the sound would haunt me from the day we first moved in. I haven’t slept completely for three years because of it.

Three years ago, give or take a month or so, Karen and I moved into our new apartment. The floor plan was simple, a bedroom that’s connected to a bathroom, a kitchen, living room, and designated washer room. Simple, yet effective… Moving in was one of my fondest memories. We ran around the mostly empty space for the majority of the first few hours. The hype of being free and independent in “our” own space was exhilarating. It was later that same night that I first noticed that creaking sound the door to the bathroom made when moved ever so slightly.

“God that’s a horrible sound,” I remember remarking, “The hinges probably need to be greased.”

“Dearest, you nitpick the strangest things, you won’t even notice it in time,” Karen said with a teasing chime.

She always knew how to deal with my quirks.

In time the creaking didn’t subside, nor did my perception of it. Whenever the door was opened or closed the sound would pierce through my ears and dilute my thoughts. Though Karen was wrong about it leaving me, she probably knew that I’d adapt to it. The sound never became less annoying, don’t get me wrong, I still hate it, but my patience for it grew out of necessity. Though even with my increased tolerance the creaking was enough to stir me from slumber whenever Karen rose to use the toilet. Maybe I’d never fully adjust after all. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve sprayed grease into those old hinges on that seemingly older door. The owners of this complex must’ve cut some serious corners to have recycled doors, but the price for rent was cheap enough. You get what you paid for.

Now aside from the creaking of this door everything else was perfect, that is until I started to notice the door was taunting me. Sometimes Karen would leave the door open, and the air conditioning would kick on only to move the door. The door would sway slowly and the slight movements were enough to sound the alarm… to make that drawn out creeeeeeak in the dead of night. That sound would scratch at my brain until I rose from the bed and closed the door. Sure enough, like some sick joke, the door would seem to open itself by some force of magic. With one long creak it would torment me… but how? I closed it. The door must not be catching. So, more firmly, I’d close it, and that’d be the end of that.

Every time I had to do this dance with the door, and I’ve done this frequently, I felt a strong sense of unease well up in my chest. It was as though I was five years old again and I was peering into a pitch black hallway. The fear felt reminiscent of those days, and so I pushed it out of my mind… I’m too old to be afraid of the dark still. I’d talk to Karen about these occurrences and my unease with the situation and she’d just jokingly dismiss it, teasing me.

“Oh hunny, should I start checking the bathroom for monsters and oogey boogey?” She’d say with a smile, which faded when she’d see my expression wouldn’t change.

She meant well enough, and usually her humor would be returned with a quip of my own, but this… this was different. I could not shake this feeling. So it was then that we got into the habit of securing that door at night, though that never actually worked. Every night was the same. I’d never fully sleep because of the creak. During the day it posed no threat, outside of annoying me.

Life moved on and so did we. It became easier with time, but from time to time there would be instances where I would hear the creak once more and neither Karen nor I were up to open the door. When I would groggily glance up to see if the door somehow forced itself ajar I’d see a closed door. Maybe I’m just imagining things, or maybe not.

One time, on a restless night, I heard the creak, and without sleep to blind me I jolted up to see what I can only describe as a slate white face… but it had no discernible features. I reeled back hard enough to smack against the headboard of my bed, which caused me to choke on the gasp of air I had drawn in. The choking noise, or maybe the back of the headboard crashing against the wall, or maybe it was just the sudden movement of all of this happening at once woke Karen up with a start. When she turned to me she saw my face pale and my eyes unsteadily staring at the door… which was closed.

I could tell that Karen was concerned, because she started to treat me with tender care. It was a little insulting. I wasn’t fragile. I know I saw something… or did I just dream it all up? I hadn’t slept well since we moved in.

No other incidents occurred after that. The door still creaked. Sometimes it’d pry open because it was on a crack. Nothing like that night though…

By the third year Karen went to a conference for something or another in England, and I was alone in the apartment for a month. All went by smoothly, perhaps because I expected the worst. With work and games to keep me busy the first three days sailed by like a gem. I hardly noticed the creaks, though they did wake me. Then there it was, without fail, a long, drawn out, high-pitched creak.

I had been playing games all night. It probably was a bad idea to delve into the horror genre when I’m all alone and paranoid, but it was the newest “Quiet Rise” game, and it was scary as hell. Just as I laid my head to rest it sounded. Like the devil’s very own grinding teeth it tormented me with its wicked shriek. CREEEEEEEAK. It let out a second shrill note as though daring me to glance up. Click. The door closed.

“Wha-What the fuck was that…?” I managed to utter softly.

“A-Am I just dreaming things up again…?” I remember thinking, or rather praying. My chest ached as I drew rapid breaths from under my blanket. I could feel every single strand of hair on my neck and arms prick up at once. I felt an overwhelming, yet cold, pressure bear down my throat and crush my chest. I wanted to believe it was nothing more than my overactive imagination jumping into extremes in the dead of night, because I stayed up a little too long. So I didn’t dare move. I was safe in my blanket, this I’d like to believe. Eventually sleep caught me, though it was fitful, and before I knew it the light of the morning breached my eyes. I lived to see another day. No more horror games though.

I didn’t tell Karen about what happened, I didn’t want her to worry. I just ignored it. The next night nothing happened. So my mind must’ve played a foul trick on me… right?

The night after, I managed to get to sleep quickly. I was exhausted after work and the day went well. Sleep was going to be rewarding, I could feel it taking me already. A few hours into that unfulfilling rest I felt something tug at the back of my mind. It felt sharp, like a little clawed hand was pinching the softest part of my subconscious and pulling firmly. It was uncomfortable. The feeling was enough to break my already frail slumber and make me painfully aware of my environment all at once. Creeeeeeeeak. Reluctantly I opened my eyes and dazedly lifted my gaze to the door. The door was wide open. Wide fucking open… but nothing was there. At first my sleep deprived mind made me call out, “Karen?” but the inquisition was fruitless. It dawned on me she had been gone for nearly a week. I felt like I wanted to cry out, curse whatever cruel person installed this demonic door. Instead I just rolled over. I didn’t have the energy to fight it.

The next day I studied the door thoroughly. Nothing made sense. There should be no reason for it to open every night. I looked around the bathroom area and tried to find some source that could be causing this. Maybe someone was playing a prank on me. Maybe Karen had been up to something the whole time. I couldn’t find a thing.

The days went on after that and days turned into weeks. Three weeks in and still I couldn’t sleep peacefully. My mind grew frenzied. I was reaching the tipping point. What was going on? In time this question, and lack of an answer, consumed me. It got to the point where the fear was overridden by madness. I hated that door. I hated that creaking. I needed to end it. I went out and bought two cameras that day, if I couldn’t see anything, maybe they could. I set up one camera just above the headboard so that it would face the door. The other was on a desk parallel to the bed against the wall. I placed a camera there to watch me.

That night I slept. It was a miracle. I didn’t wake, but I didn’t feel rested. I felt empty, but at least I didn’t hear the creaking. Ironic that this would happen when I set out for the truth. It would have almost driven me insane if it wasn’t so funny. Now wasn’t the time to dwell on this though, I had to view the tapes. First I removed the memory card from the camera affixed to my headboard and uploaded the video onto my computer. The first few hours were tame, and I felt my skin flush. Had I been acting nuts this whole time for nothing? Was the lack of sleep the cause all along? Maybe all I needed was a good night’s rest. I fast forwarded the video. Nothing for the next couple of hours… then there was movement. I hit pause, backed up, and played it a few minutes before the movement began.

My skin felt like an army of ants with needles for feet marched across my entire body. The door opened with that earsplitting creak. At first I wondered why I hadn’t woken up. Every other time the sound of the door was enough to take me from sleep. These thoughts were washed from me instantly as I saw it. The door had not opened on its own.

A black… entity, formless and slightly translucent held onto the doorknob with what I can only imagine to be a hand. It was… a shadow. No. That’s not right… but that’s the only word to describe it. It was like a shapeless silhouette, humanlike in make, but with no definition whatsoever. Its “body” melded into one long mass as it reached from the floor to the ceiling. It had no legs or feet. As it moved it glided slowly across the floor. The top of it extended and narrowed slightly, forming a round top, which leaned forward and away from the rest of it. Periodically something would bubble at the end of what I would call its “head”. It looked like melting flesh when it happened, just black and almost see through. This melting motion seemed to create a face in great torment.

If I focused on it hard enough the face would seemingly stared pleadingly in despair straight past the camera and into my eyes as it continued to melt. At that moment my ears began to ring. I thought my ears would burst. I tried not to look at those faces after that.

It moved toward my bed… Why didn’t I wake? The shadowed thing finally took a spot by my bed. It hovered over me as its “arms” sank into its body. There it stood idle. I felt my stomach churn violently. I retched, nearly falling over as I fought back the heaves and continued watching the video. The only movement was from the continual emerging and melting of that tormented face. Its eyes never left me through this cycle though, and that unsettled me most of all.

More appeared through the opened doorway now. One after the other and with each one that passed through the door cried out with another howling creak. I never budged. I never moved. I was completely oblivious. They all had continually melting faces which all bore a different face of agony, pain, anguish… all of them were different, and yet they all inspired the same feeling of dread deep inside of me. Each one would take a place standing next to the one before it until they circled my bed completely.

They stared… never moving for two whole hours.

Just as I thought I could stomach no more I saw something emerging from the back. The translucent blackness that made up these things covered the figure that was appearing like a veil, but I could still see it moving. It moved through the doorway at a snail’s pace. I could clearly see long… limbs? It was slate white, devoid of color. The arms that emerged from the darkness of the doorway were wiry and very… very long. The muscles pulled at the visible bone from under the skin as it moved. It began to pull itself through the doorway more and more.

Then its face made its way through the dark. My eyes blistered as tears immediately swelled past the surface and began to fall freely. My breath was ragged and spiteful as each attempt to breathe set my throat aflame. That face… it was the same face I saw so long ago. That featureless face moved closer and closer. Everything about it was elongated. It moved like a sloth, slowly reaching out with a hand and digging its gnarled claws into a grip to pull itself along. When it made it to the shadowed things they let out the most gut wrenching wails. With an indolent swipe it dragged one of its long arms through each and every one of the black entities. Their wails grew so loud that my ears burned. I felt sorry for them for some reason.

As they all screamed at their demise they faded into wisps in the dark, disappearing from sight. The white one continued to claw and creep over me. Its claws dug into my headboard and its legs lifted it over me from the end of my bed. I could hear its bones crackling with every move it made… That’s how close it came to me and the camera. Its neck extended further, growing as its vacant face met mine only inches away. The face began to crack and tear, opening up to reveal a “mouth” as blood seeped from the newly torn rip. A guttural growl gurgled through the blood that pooled in its “mouth”. It lifted its head to the camera and cocked it to the side before letting out a terrifying screech.

The camera was overwhelmed with static and the image began to corrupt and break as the screech drew out. It lasted maybe ten seconds before the video cut to black. Minutes passed and it remained black. Then the video flashed back to show a mostly empty room, save for me sleeping soundly.

For the longest time I sat there. Was I going crazy? Was this just a dream? Was it a hallucination from sleep deprivation? Maybe, but when I started the next video it was the same thing. I didn’t watch the second video… I couldn’t. I sat there for a while before I actually focused enough on my hands. There was blood, and not just on my hands, it was all over me. I got up and dashed for the bathroom slamming the door behind me.  The mirror showed blood steadily streaming from my eyes, ears, nose and mouth… I glanced down at my shirt through the mirror, which was drenched in blood. I lifted it. A “bite mark” bled freely from my side. It bit me and I never stirred. I didn’t even feel it until now. My body was shaking uncontrollably. What the fuck…. What the fuck… What the fuck.

Creeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeak. I could have sworn I closed the door behind me…


Chapter 1
The sounds of people screaming filled my ears and a dull pain was throbbing in my head. I realised I was lying on a cold, hard surface and I had a faint metallic taste in my mouth. I gave a splutter and opened my eyes; they felt like they were full of needles. I waited for my pain filled eyes to focus as the swirls of colours around me began to form shapes which gradually became more and more detailed. The world lay on its side and I saw broken, half demolished buildings weep fire and smoke. The sky was a dark shade of crimson. The sounds of screaming just wouldn’t stop, but…I couldn’t see anyone that could be making the noises. The surface I was laying on turned out to be the remains of a road, the cracked tarmac beneath me was freezing.

I peeled my face off the frigid ground and sat up, every bone in my body ached and I found it very difficult to move around without a sharp pain jolting through me. I rubbed my throbbing head and groaned. A woman began wailing shrilly above the other screaming voices, but she stopped suddenly and her cries were replaced with a gurgling sound which also cut out and the other screams filled the void. I looked at the raging inferno that used to be Des Moines, the capital of Iowa and stood mesmerised.

How could this carnage have taken place in the few hours I had been asleep? I looked around me. I shuffled around three hundred and sixty degrees on my ass. The entire city was completely destroyed. The buildings were in ruin, the mainframe of the high rise apartment blocks and the office buildings were all crumbling. The windows were broken and fire spewed from them, licking at the air that had been tinted a foul grey. I remember the night before, everything was how it should have been; I recall giving my friend Rebecca a call in the evening to organise something at the weekend, we were going to go bowling…after that I went on my computer for a few hours and watched a horror movie before going to bed, a fact which I’m beginning to regret. With the thoughts of demons and killers racing through my head, I called it a night and fell asleep in an instant (The fear of a murderer residing under my bed had long since vanished). If something was wrong, or if something happened I would have known right away. The apartment I live in overlooks the whole city and the walls in my room are paper thin so the slightest little noise, every scratch, every bump, everything. There is no way this could have happened in such a short space of time without me knowing about it.

Unless…unless I had been asleep for much longer than I thought. Yes, perhaps I was drugged or maybe I had been hit over the head. That would explain me being slumped down on the tarmac. That fucking tarmac was so damn cold. That couldn’t have been the case though, unless I was kept under constant sedative for a very long period of time – which seemed rather pointless to me if I was going to be dumped into the street anyway – there is still no way in hell that the entire city could have been destroyed in the time it would have taken for me to wake up. So what the fuck could have done all this? The screaming never stopped.
With a great strain I crawled on my hands and knees and awkwardly pulled myself onto my feet and that’s when I noticed it; the tarmac around was covered with dirt, I mean plastered, buried, there was just dirt everywhere as far as the eye could see. All except the one little area I had been lying in. I froze in place, for some reason I did not like the look of it at all. There was something, I don’t know how else to say, wrong with it…

The dirt was heaped very evenly as though someone had carefully applied set amounts to set areas of land and then levelled them out with utmost perfection. It must have taken god knows how long to do. How would someone even go about doing something like this anyway? What would they need to put dirt on the ground in a city for? It’s not like any crops could grow in the middle of the road. And, the question that made me shudder the most: Why?

I had a niggling feeling in my head, an instinct if you will, to stay away from the dirt, not to touch it no matter what. I didn’t know why I felt that way, but I usually follow my gut with these sorts of things. I had no idea what I was going to do when I became hungry, felt the urge to sleep, required shelter in the event of a downpour or storm, or when I felt the need to urinate (I felt like not even my piss should be allowed to touch this cursed soil), but for the time being I decided to just stay in my little bald patch of tarmac and sit tight in the hope that someone might come staggering from the ruin looking for help. In my heart however, I knew this just wasn’t going to happen.

I tried stretching my arms and legs in an attempt to relieve myself of the aching in my body, thinking that perhaps I was just hurting from the cold.

Another high pitched scream, what the hell could be making those sounds? There isn’t a damn thing there!
After about half an hour of pacing up and down my few feet of clean land, I began to feel a little better, but a new feeling which was just as bad as the aches and pains had replaced the old. It was an inescapable feeling of total dread, like something was about to come crashing ferociously from behind one of the ruined structures at any minute and tear me apart.

The screams began to get to me, at every cry of anguish I whipped round in a fear filled frenzy to try and identify where each one was coming from each time to no avail. The dread within me grew and grew at every yell, every dull moan, and every screeching voice. I lost track of time, although it felt like an eternity and I was sadly aware that I had developed a paranoid routine from which I could not break:

Scream.
Jump.
Look around wildly.
Tense up nervously.
Relax.
Scream.

I felt like screaming myself, I was beginning to cramp up from being tensed for so long. My fear spewed out of me in the form of frightened yelps, cold sweats and neck hairs that stood to attention profusely. It was at that point I made the mistake of glancing at my feet. I was ankle deep in the satanic dirt that surrounded the dead city. In my blind fear of the unknown, I must have stepped out of my holy ground without even realising. It was cold and seethed beneath me. It crawled up my legs and squelched in my shoes, molesting my feet and corrupting them. Denaturing my toes and seeping into the cracks in my skin. I felt a warm release slip down my leg and I vomited. The vomit rested on the surface of the dirt and swam there for a moment before bubbling angrily, turning black and becoming part of the shadowy mass below. I just stared at where it had been and gave a feeble yelp before the world defocused and I lost all consciousness.

Chapter 2
I awoke with my head once again throbbing madly and to my dismay I was greeted by the sound of blood curdling screams, now louder than ever. It had become very dark and somewhat humid.
Where the fuck was I anyway? There was a faint orange glow coming from somewhere in the distance. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to faintly see by, after a few hours of optical adjustment that is. The glow illuminated what appeared to be some sort of vast underground bunker. The walls were shimmering with what I assumed to be water and the floor was covered with moss and fungal growths. There was a rank smell in the air and it reminded me of the basement below my mother’s house. It smelled of damp.

AAAAGGHHHEEHHH!!!!!
Where is it coming from…?

I tried lifting my head up to look around and felt a sharp tug on my hair which sent a sharp pain through my head. Once again I tried looking up only to be greeted with the same tugging. I went to reach for my head to see if my hair had been caught in some of the dirt when I hit the ground or if some gruesome entity was holding it, but I quickly found my arms were also incapable of movement.

I panicked and thrashed madly at whatever had me and found that my legs and upper torso were also held tight. The black haze before my eyes began to lift and I saw with hazy vision that I had been pinned down to some sort of rack on the wall with great leather straps. I flailed in another attempt to break my restraints, but the straps proved to be too thick, I may as well have been trying to break through a wall. Nevertheless the little spark of hope in my mind told me that if I continued struggling after a while the restraints may begin to loosen, or maybe someone would hear me and find me.

FWAEeeehAAAAaaagghhhh!
Do they ever fucking stop screaming?!

After what must have been the best part of two hours of non-stop wiggling in place I finally gave up. My limbs and torso were red and bloody from where the leather had dug into my skin and I felt a wave of despair hit me like a train and cried tears of terror and anger.

The screams had become louder still and were more fearful. I heard the sound of someone crying hysterically and another voice was shouting out incoherent words and sentences. The only words I could make out were “never leave”.

I felt a dripping coming from above me and a faint sound had begun to ring over the sound of the screaming. It was unlike any sound I have ever heard before, the only way I could describe it was like the clang a hammer makes when striking an anvil, but it was…alive. It sounded as if this “hammer” had a voice to it, its clangs changing pitch rapidly as if something was communicating with something else in some ancient language.

CLAAAaaannng!
I prefer the screams, the screams have structure.

The dripping above me persisted and I tried to crane my neck up to see what it was. I couldn’t do it obviously, but after a while the steady dripping on my head began to infuriate, madden me. I had to see what was falling on my head; it was my goal for the next hour.
When I finally stopped trying to look up at the ceiling all the muscles in my neck were pulled and aching horribly. I looked at the orange light again and noticed it had gotten slightly brighter, like it was moving towards me. I dismissed it and decided to try and get some sleep. That sounded like a wonderful idea, so I shut my eyes and eventually fell into a very uneasy sleep.

In my dreams I heard screaming.
Screaming and clanging.

Chapter 3
I was awoken by an ear-splitting wail, much louder than the other screams and close, very close. My eyes shot open and the light hit me like a fucking train. The orange light had become blindingly bright and I re-shut my eyes for a moment to allow them to once again adjust, this time to the light. I slowly opened them again and saw that it was emanating from the ground. The underground chamber had been illuminated except for the ceiling. I looked down the corridor and I gasped in horror. The whole bunker contained millions of mutilated people who were, like me, stuck fast to the walls. Their insides dangled before them swinging like pendulums in time to their writhing. Many of their ribcages had been forced open exposing their vital organs, the broken pieces of bone digging into their lungs and parts of their livers. A pool of blood had gathered at the feet of every one of them and I saw that the water on the walls was not water at all, but rather blood, blood and various entrails scattering the walls and floor.

WHY?!?!
Why indeed, my unfortunate friend. Why indeed.

I was in shock and awe that every single one of these poor souls was still alive and all the while screaming. Their digestive tracts continued to work as normal, but they had turned black from a lack of oxygen and were spilling out of their bodies in a twisted knot as they shat themselves uncontrollably, their faeces spilling out of their defiled anuses lathering their legs and feet. Their excrement was unusually viscous. These wasted bodies must have all been fed through some sort of drip, but I couldn’t see any tubes or syringes. Maybe they were being force fed, either way it was disgusting. I gagged at how stretched their chewed up limbs looked and how…incomplete they were. And that’s what I decided to call them: The Incomplete.

This slaughter chamber stretched for miles and I wondered to myself exactly how many people were here and how in the name of God they were all still alive. I figured they must have been administered regular shots of adrenaline and god knows how many other chemicals, but the fact that not a one had died was simply too much.

I looked to my left and amongst all The Incomplete, I saw someone who looked totally whole strapped to the wall like me. It became apparent that this was the person who woke me because she was giving choked screams in between great long sobs of panic filled crying, way more audible than the others. I tried to call out to her to try and calm her down. I thought that the sight of a fellow being would give her a sense of some relief, but she was so scared and distraught that she didn’t hear me.

The orange light burned behind my eyes and imprinted itself onto my retinas. It began to shimmer and distort before me and I noticed a large black mass gathering before the poor girl. It was as if all the shadows that were being cast in the bunker were being manipulated by some unseen force and being made to group in front of this terrified young woman. The dark figure that was materialising seemed to slowly suck all of the light out of the chamber the more it grew. As this malevolent black spectre rose to about ten feet, broken looking, distorted limbs started sprouting from it. They were long and seemed sharp even though this shadow had no details as of then, just perfect blackness.

Finally this shadow man stopped growing and began to shimmer, not with light but with some kind of supernatural energy. It’s hard to describe but it was as if something inside of this, whatever this dark creature was, started to pulse and throb as if trying to force its way out. The Incomplete had become eerily quiet and a look of primal terror had come over each and every one of their faces.
They knew what this thing was and they were afraid of it…

Chapter 4
The glow that had once completely lit the entire place had now been completely absorbed by the shadow being and I was once again plunged into darkness. The silence rung in my ears with a static buzz and I tensed in apprehension as to what would happen next. Then after some time, my vision once again returned to me as light refilled this palace of torture. This time however, the light was radiating from this thing that had finally come into complete existence. It was as if every form of light and shadow around us had been focused into this being and had somehow been fused into one enormous…dark light. I know that sounds impossible, but that’s just what it was: dark light.

It continued to pulse with its demonic power and I cringed at its outward appearance. Behind the dark light that it cast was a hideous body. Its bones, if that’s what they even were, had been forced out of its skin at the spine, shoulders and elbows and jutted out at uneven angles. Dark blood dripped off the tips and landed with a little splash on the ground. It hunched over as if in pain and I noticed that it didn’t have any hands. That sharp quality to its upper limbs I mentioned earlier, the reason for that was because it didn’t have any real upper limbs. Where they should have been were large cracked pieces of bone that extended out and formed sharp points at the end. They were also throbbing, but not in time with the rest of this things body. It was as if they were in control of themselves. What I mean is, they looked almost sentient. Its face was contorted into a sick and twisted grin that stretched all the way across to its jaw revealing a set of very wicked, very sharp looking teeth that had been chipped and broken in places. There was blood staining every one. A pair of jagged horns stuck out from its head at weird angles and there were giant splits all over them. Some of them ran from the base all the way to the very tip.
It slowly dragged itself closer to where the girl was anchored. Walking isn’t the right word, its deformed legs were sliding spastically across the ground and it practically had to fight with them to stay upright. Once it became within touching distance of the girl it gave an enormous bellow and the girl screamed with fear and began throwing her weight around again, trying to break free. The creature before her then began moving with extreme speed and soon it became only a blur before me. The girl’s screams became spluttered gagging sounds, similar to the one I heard on the surface and her eyes rolled back into her head exposing the whites of her eyes. I watched in awe and disgust as blood began frothing from her mouth and as her abdomen was ripped open, her organs receiving the same treatment as The Incomplete’s. She gargled and hacked for ages as this being went to its demented work moving with increasing speed.

Pieces of flesh flew all over the place from her tattered body and her stomach was somehow being filled before my eyes making gurgling sounds that rose in pitch the more that was poured in. I threw up all over my chest, it was just too much. I looked away until the gargling stopped, but a part of me wanted to turn back around and I had to focus with all my might to stop myself. When the girl finally stopped making sounds, I looked back and almost threw up again. Her stomach was filled with her own flesh and bones, I could see parts of kidney, liver, pancreas and gall bladder all floating around from the semi translucent exterior of the stomach as it churned and rumbled. I saw her insides being mixed with her stomach acid and she moaned in pain and exhaustion from the loss of blood. Her stomach looked like it was going to burst.
The rest of her digestive system had already turned black. I had no idea why though. Perhaps it was some strange side effect of the demon coming into contact with them, who knows. The twisted creature had gone now and the light had returned to the chamber. The Incomplete were screaming again, but the girl remained silent, just lolling her head from side to side. She had a look of disbelief on her face as she stared at her own organs hanging down just barely touching the floor.

OOOooohhhHHHhhh, IT HURRRRRRRRRRTTSSSS!!!!!!!
I can only imagine.

I suddenly felt extremely worried, in fact I was going fucking crazy. I began breathing faster and faster and I kept asking myself what was going to happen to me.
Would I suffer the same fate as the girl?
How painful would it be?
How long would I stay alive, would it be…forever?
I tried to calm myself down and control my breathing but I couldn’t, I just couldn’t. I drew in a deep breath, focused my vocal chords and began mimicking The Incomplete.

I screamed.

Chapter 5
I screamed and shouted at the top of my goddamn lungs. I got out all my frustration, confusion and pure terror out of my system by shouting the house down. I screamed until my throat was sore and my voice was hoarse. When I finally decided I had vented all that was to be vented I became quite once more and decided that with nothing else to do I should just go back to sleep. There was no real way of telling how much time had passed here anyway, the lighting never changed much and the screaming never ever stopped. I thought I had been here for a few hours, but in actual fact I could have been here for a few days, or maybe even a week. It was hard to sleep with The Incomplete yelling all the time, but not impossible. So I closed my eyes and drifted into another uneasy sleep.

I dreamt again, this time of the mutated, pulsating aberration that had disembowelled that poor young girl. It was just standing there a few feet away, snarling. Great globs of drool and blood hung from the sides of its wide grinning mouth. And that steady dripping sound filled my head, reverbing all around me, never ceasing. It dragged itself slowly towards me making long scraping sounds as it moved that made my teeth chatter and grind. I wanted to run, but I found myself rooted to the spot and I understood why: I wasn’t out of fear, like when someone gets so frightened that they physically cannot move, nothing like that. It was that even in my dreams, even in my fucking subconscious; I was still strapped to the wall. I moved towards me making those horrific scraping noises until it was face to face with me. I felt it’s stank breath on my face and it sprayed some of its bloody spit all over me as it breathed. I reached out to touch me with those long, disfigured appendages.

I awoke in a cold sweat, tears streaming down my face. I shook myself back into reality and told myself that things would all get better in time. I may yet be able to find a way out of this insane place. In my heart I felt that there was no true way of escaping my loathsome fate, not even in my dreams.

After my senses tuned themselves back into the real world – what was left of it anyway – I felt a wave of powerful confusion wash over me; the lights illuminating the chamber had once again gone out and I was plunged into pitch blackness. There was no noise in the slightest. I held my breath. The demonic shadow creature was returning. It was almost exactly like last time, except the lights had already been extinguished. Perhaps this one was different; one of the shadow man’s many esteemed colleagues perhaps. I waited in suspense. My mouth was dry. I could taste the air around me and it was most foul. I wondered who was receiving the monsters “treatment” this time. Poor bastard whoever they were.

Then it happened, the faint ominous glow appeared in the middle of the room. The glow began to throb and swirl as great strings of colours danced in front of my eyes in great ring – black and white, blue and green, yellow and violet – they all contorted into one another forming shades that I didn’t even know existed. It was beautiful. I found it hard to believe that such wonderful art could originate from such an evil being.

Not long now.
The ball of glowing light majestically began to grow and pulse faster. Just like last time.
Oh shit, why am I sweating…?
It’s presence began to engulf the chamber and I heard frightened gasps echoing around me, but no screams. Just like last time.
Please go away…
Contorted limbs, bent ligaments and exposed bone began to form from the swirls making cracking sounds with every twist and jolt. Just like last time.
I don’t want you to live. I don’t want you to live!
The light emanating off it suddenly gave way to every gruesome detail of this things mangled body. Just. Like. Last. Time…
It existed once more.

It straightened up and raised its head towards the ceiling taking great sharp inhales while cocking its head back and forth. It was trying to catch the scent of something. After a little more sniffing around it apparently found what it wanted and stopped, it relaxed and exhaled deeply. And then it turned to face me exposing its long, sharp teeth. They were still parted in that permanent grin. I understood perfectly.

“Oh no. Oh no! Oh Christ Almighty, NO!”

It took a few lunges towards me, hobbling in that pathetic little dragging way like the previous creature. Not all too dissimilar from its cousin. It continued towards me making scratching sounds with its hooves as it moved. It made my teeth grind and sent cold shivers through my whole body. It made a growling noise in short bursts, it sounded like it was a form of demented chuckling.

“Please, just go away! Pick someone else!”

It chuckled to itself sadistically some more and came closer towards me; I could feel its damp breath on me now. It smelled of rotten flesh.

“Oh God! For the love of God, someone help me!”

Then the creature stopped and stared at me, with a look of malice in its blood filled eyes. It opened its mouth and spoke – I didn’t even think it was capable of speech, human speech that is –it had a voice that sounded like grinding metal. It pulled itself right up to my left ear and I recoiled in disgust, trying to pull away.

“God can’t help you now.” It growled. A blob of warm saliva from the things mouth landed on my shoulder. “What do you m-m-mean?” I asked, trying to stall for time so that I could postpone my bloody fate. It seems useless and almost childish now, but this was when that fucking thing was practically touching my nose and salivating all over me.

The creature took a single step (shuffle) backwards and let out a low pitched sigh. “You should know by now that God hates you,”

“Fuck you…fuck you! I’m not a bad person.” I screamed in its face and spat in its eye. I was trying to make it stop giving that loathsome grin, but it merely grinned wider, wiped the spit out of its eyes and proceeded to ingest it.

A flicker of twisted pleasure shined in the creatures dark, cold eyes and it breathed out with a shudder. This monstrosity seemed to actually enjoy having me spit on it, it was as though my act of hostility seemed to drive the soulless creature to – oh Christ I don’t even want to say it – orgasm. I was revolted. I tried to give a little gag of disgust, but no sound came. It was like a foreign object had gotten stuck in the back of my throat that prevented me from making any sound. It weighed me down. It sucked all the energy from my body.

The demonic entity stood for a while unmoving and then it jolted towards me again, its blood spattered face touching mine.
“Ah, what fun you will be.” it gave a heaving chuckle.
It took one of its great blades that extended from its body and lightly punctured my skin below my ribs. I gasped as a sharp pain bolted through me.
“I’m going to take my time.”

Chapter 6
I began sobbing loudly and the creature laughed in my face as it twisted its bone shards around my abdomen. I felt flesh tear and could feel one of my ribs beginning to protest under the pressure. I tensed up my whole body, trying to block out the pain by focusing on keeping my muscles as constricted as possible, but it was no use. I heard a sudden crack and screamed, the pain was drowning me, there was a little shimmering halo around my field of vision. I could feel my head pounding, I could feel my heart drumming mercilessly in my ears, but most of all I could feel the splinters of broken bone digging themselves into my flesh. The creatures grin was so wide now that it looked like a long curved scar that stretched across its entire face.

Still grinning, it fondled my lungs which caused me to gasp and choke. At this point I was beginning to seriously wonder why I had not yet died. No man on the face of this Earth could endure such brutal torture. With each sharp inhale of air I made, the creature gave a moan of delight. It was sickening. Then without warning, it brought its deformed appendages down on either side of my exposed rib cage and broke them all at once. It was just like how a karate master chopped through layers of concrete, and let me tell you, I knew how it felt to be those slabs of concrete then. I felt the upper half of my body give way and elongate as my heart and lungs fell out of my body and hung loosely before me, I could see my heart beating rapidly in front of my eyes.

The creature took a moment to take in my suffering and cocked its head, studying my reactions. I was now mimicking the incomplete perfectly, screaming my fucking head off. When it was done appreciating its handy work, it shoved its sharp bones into my body again, slightly below my ribcage. I could feel my organs churning and flopping around, now doubt being shredded to bits by its massive arms. It paused for a moment and made a twisting motion, like it was cranking a lever and I felt a rush of warm liquid travel up my throat and spew out of my mouth. At this point I had grown accustomed to throwing up, until I glanced at what was my chest and saw it covered in fresh blood coupled with big blobs of saliva.

I gasped a lungful of air and felt a sharp pain as my exposed lungs jabbed into a shard of bone from my former ribcage. I saw my intestines tumble out of my abdomen and heard the warm squelching slap they made as they hit the ground. Parts of them were still dangling out of me, words cannot describe the feeling. The creature took another pause, breathing heavily, no doubt having another euphoric experience over my mutilation and then it just sighed and walked away.

Was it over? The last part of me that was still sane held on to the possibility that it was. I relaxed and felt the warm liquids drip down my chest. I was becoming very aware of the fact that my organs were becoming very dry and produced a great deal of friction every time I drew breath. Every time it happened I wanted to vomit. The stuff on the ceiling was still plopping onto my head, I didn’t care. Although what followed next makes me wish I did, it might have prepared me a little for my fate.

I think I slept some more because I remember being hit hard across the face and glancing blurrily around to see the ungodly thing sneering at me, a fingers length away from my face. Beside it was an enormous mound of that hideous dirt. There was a steady trickle coming from the ceiling, adding little amounts to the already gargantuan pile. All of a sudden I realised that the ceiling wasn’t the ceiling at all, but rather the ground. I was underneath the fucking city and the blasphemous stuff was leaking down into my prison. I had a chilling feeling that the stuff may even have been sentient.

Before I could ponder on this for a second longer the creature stuffed its bony claws into the dirt. It hissed and fizzed as great heaps of it were picked up, it seemed to cause discomfort to the demon-being because I could see that its leer had been replaced with a look of endurance. The reason for the creatures’ pain became clear when I looked again at the dirt in its great arms. The little remaining flesh was being stripped off of its bones, steaming as it fell away. The creature held its dirt filled bones out towards me, forcing me to breathe the dirt in. The smell was vaguely like a cross between fermented onions and a dying animal. I gagged, and that brought the smile back on the creatures face.

I tried to plead with the thing to stop what it was doing, whimpering and snivelling as it reached into the hole in my stomach and deposited the dirt within me. As soon as the deathly shit was placed, I felt the vastest feeling of depression, anger, fear, loathing and hatred I have ever felt in my entire life. My eyes rolled in their sockets as chemicals in my body shot around in every direction. Memories of my deepest, darkest secrets came flooding back to me. Events that left me feeling empty, cold and bitter all suddenly were relived. Every cuss, mean spirited and spiteful thing, every dirty thought, every injury, and every ill hearted thing directed towards me was reawakened and amplified. They saturated my head, I felt like I was about to explode with negativity. Between all the flashes of images and sounds of suffering I could hear the creature laughing and could feel more great handfuls being thrust into my body, the memories intensifying with every heap. Throughout the entire thing, I was screaming.

Once all the dirt had been stuffed into me, replacing my organs, the memories of every sick feeling in my life were pounding in my head so hard and so fast that I couldn’t feel anything else. It was all that remained; I had no choice but to watch as I was shown every bleak, disgusting aspect of everything I ever experienced. And I screamed.

Watch and scream. Watch and scream. Watch and scream.

To whoever finds this, take it as a word of warning, because I now realise what all this is. This is my eternity, this is everyone’s eternity. It has been every single person’s fate, every person’s reason and indeed every person’s very purpose since the day they were born to face this torment. I understand that I was dead from the start – how I died I still don’t know, but I know it was before all this – and I also understand what the dirt is now: it is sin, it is our sin. And our destiny is to face it, to face every sin we ever committed until the end of time, over and over and over again. My only advice to you is this: Be good to your fellow man and try to avoid confrontation whenever possible.
Who knows, it might just soften the blow.


You were excited for this day. You should be after all, you’ve been working hard. You deserve to have some fun. For tonight, you planned a movie night with a couple of old friends. Horror movies, as was customary since your younger days. You all watched with wide eyes and shaking hands, while cracking jokes and denying feeling any fear. Nobody wants to be the wimp, right?

It was around 4 AM when the last movie stopped, and everyone headed home, leaving you all alone. You jumped at the creaks and moans which seemed much more noticeable after the night of ghosts and gore. Eventually, you decided to go to bed, but not before one last trip to the bathroom.

The walk seemed long and daunting, as it always does after a night of scares. You kept looking back, checking for something lurking in the shadows. You knew you were acting ridiculous, but the feelings seemed to linger. Not even sleep would calm your mind. You tossed, turned, and mumbled all throughout the night. No sense in denying it, I know you did.

I saw you.


It begins gently at first, softly falling like a child’s tears.  It is a sad thing, but not so unusual and wholesome in its way.  And the wind lightly blows, almost tenderly caressing your face.  This will not last, but it’s nice isn’t it?

In the beginning there were two and they knew love of a kind.

The rain comes down harder now, no longer a child’s gentle weeping, and not quite an adult’s passionate cries for a lost love.  It is somewhere in between.  Then too, the wind picks up, catching your hair, causing it to fall across your face.  It speaks, in the way that wind speaks, a soft moan, nothing more yet.

Time passed, and the two brought forth children.  The children built and bred and grew.  Thousands, then millions.

The rain has not changed, it does not fall with greater intensity, but in the distance the faint sound of rolling thunder and the flash of a great light.  The voice of the wind calls out to it, the clouds gather more strongly.

The two were not man and woman, but that is close.  In the full distance of time, they grew apart and so their children suffered.  She was not happy with Him, but She would not leave Him.

The rain falls strongly now, if you were not wet before, you are now.  The wind’s moan has changed to a howl and the lightning grows closer.  The air is charged with possibility.

She loved them, but to Him they were a barrier, something that caused the coldness that had grown between them.  Perhaps that is why She said nothing when they drove Him out.

The storm is a storm in truth now, the rain stings a little as it falls, water dripping from your hair.  The wind’s howling pierces your clothing, finding any gap and driving itself through it, perhaps seeking your warmth.  You should find shelter, but something is about to happen.

Generation upon generation grew, lived, and died.  They forgot Her name and His.  She was still with them though and they still loved Her, in their way, but He, they lost entirely.  He watched from beyond, unable to touch Her.  Sometimes He lashed out at the skies.

The lightning is close now, illuminating the entire night sky, the thunder crackling within a minute or so of the lightning.  It should feel cold, shouldn’t it?  The wind is strong and the rain is fierce, but you are not cold.  There is an energy building.

A crack has formed in his millennia old prison.  He feels it and rages against it, throwing His might towards it.  The crack widens.
You stand there, silently staring at the raging heavens as lightning cracks open the vault of the sky.  The lines of light hang suspended in the air, after they should have ended.  Something is coming.
He feels freedom.  He goes to it; soon He will be with His bride once more.



He is coming.
He is angry.
